 A/N: Hey guys this is my new story hope you enjoy it.Summary: Isabella Swan is forced to marry, arrogant but super hot, Edward Cullen. How can two people from entirely different worlds live as a married couple? Will they survive this dilemma.Chapter 1: Meet the snobBella PovI was ready to leave the house dressed in my most beautiful dress, according to my mother today was an important event which I would meet the other family that we needed to impress; my hair is curly but my mom decided to get it even curlier with a braid running across it and a red bow to match my jacket and shoes."Bella, honey let's go." My mom said from the other side of the door."I'm coming." I said, adding lip-gloss to my not make-upped face. I ran down the long stair-case of the mansion my family had recently moved to."Today we are meeting the Cullen family, Bells don't worry they have children of their own." My dad said as we parked our car in front of an even bigger mansion. As if that made a difference. I thought."Good evening." A man in a black suit and tie said taking my mom's and dad's coats, he must be the butler. I thought. "I'll announce your arrival to Mr. Cullen." He said taking us to the large living room which was modern furnished."Hello Mr., Mrs. And Mss. Swan." A blonde haired man said shaking our hands one at a time."Hello Mr. Cullen. This is my wife Renee and my daughter Isabella." My dad said."Please sit, dinner will be served soon," Mrs. Cullen said. "Ben please call the children and tell Maria to serve the meal." The butler nodded once and left the room. Soon after, five teenagers were descending the stairs."Good evening." A pixie like girl said."Good evening." My family said at the same time."Family swan, this is my family. Emmett, my oldest son." Mr. Cullen said gesturing to a large man with warm blue eyes and curly dark hair. "Rosalie Hale, Emmett's girlfriend." He said gesturing to a beautiful blonde girl with violet blue eyes. "Alice, my youngest daughter," gesturing to the pixie. She was beautiful with short black hair and brown eyes. "Jasper Hale, Alice's boyfriend." He said gesturing to a tall blonde standing beside Alice. "And Edward, my middle son." He said gesturing to a boy with bronze hair and piercing green eyes. They all looked like freaking movie stars."Children take Isabella with you." Mrs. Cullen said. Alice came to my side and I stood up to go with them. We were now in a room downstairs with a large TV that occupied the entire wall and several couches. Alice sat beside Jasper in one of the couches, Emmett sat beside Rosalie in the other couch and I had to seat beside Edward."So Isabella, how old are you?" Emmett asked trying to start conversation. Edward left the room. What a snob. I thought."Sixteen." I said."So am I." Alice squealed."How old are the rest of you?" I asked."I'm seventeen." Jasper said."I'm eighteen." Emmett said."I'm also eighteen." Rosalie said at last."And Edward is seventeen." Alice said."What is wrong with your brother?" I asked maybe a bit too early. Emmett's booming laughter filled the room."Even she noticed something is wrong with the guy." Emmett said still laughing."Shut up Emmett," Edward said entering the room. "And you Isabella, nothing about whether I'm fine or not is your concern." He spat angrily at me."Excuse me," I said standing up. "Who are you to talk to me like that?" I asked to the ogre standing by the door way."I'm Edward and I talk to you the way I feel like talking." He said smirking."No you are just a little brat that thinks is the king of the world only because you can buy whatever you want with your money." I said through clenched teeth."I like this girl." Emmett said, Rosalie smacked him in the head and he complained. Edward narrowed his eyes and left the room."Sorry guys if you don't want to hang out with me it's perfectly fine-" I started saying but was interrupted by Alice."Isabella it's perfectly fine, you did something we all have wanted to do for a while but no one had courage." She said, I smiled at her."Thanks, now will you please stop calling me Isabella. I prefer Bella." We all laughed and hang out until Ben came to call us for dinner.Each of us took a place in the large dining table, Mr. Cullen sat at the head of the table with Mrs. Cullen to his right and Alice to his left, beside her was Jasper, Edward then Emmett. Charlie sat at the other end of the table with Renee to his left. I sat in-between her and Rosalie which unfortunately made me seat across from Edward. Ben started serving the wine to the elders and we had a soda. Some other servants brought the food."The food was delightful Mrs. Cullen." Renee said."Oh, please call me Esme and my husband Carlisle." She pleaded."Sure Esme." Mom said."What have you been thinking about the town so far?" Carlisle asked."It is a very nice town, Bella loves the fact that here in Seattle is not as cold as Forks." Charlie said looking at me. Edward looked up from his plate and stared at me. With so much unwanted attention I blushed."What school have you enrolled her in?" Esme asked smiling warmly at me."Seattle School of Arts," my mom said. "My baby girl has a lot of talent for arts." She said proudly, I blushed once more."So are the children," Esme gushed. "They could be such good friends.""That is really nice." Mom said."Maybe they could get married when older." Esme gushed. I blushed even deeper and realised that the only bachelor in the table was the snob."Can we go out from the table already?" Edward said, Esme nodded and he left the table. Just then did I notice what he was wearing. He had dark jeans, a nice blue shirt with a light Jacket and black sneakers. Why did he have to look so good?"Edward please take Bella to see the house?" Esme asked."What?" Edward and I said at the same time."Ed you heard me take her to meet the house." She said daring him to say otherwise."Ok." He mumbled. "Are you coming?" He asked me when I stood there unmoving. I nodded and went with him."We will start at the North wing. There we have the dining room, which you have seen. The living room, the main lounge and toilets." We walked into a huge room which I guessed to be the lounge. It was very antic but very modern. Most furniture was white, black or wood. There was a black grand piano at the centre of the room and many paintings of famous artists like Picasso, Van Gog, Michelangelo, Renoir and others that I didn't recognise."The paintings are very unique." I said analysing them."Indeed they are." He agreed."And very beautiful." I said still looking at the paintings and portraits that followed. "Are these your ancestors?""Yes. That is my grand-mother Elizabeth." He said pointing at a very beautiful lady with the same piercing green eyes as him. "She is my mom's mother.""She was very beautiful." I said looking at him and then the portrait."That's true. She was the most beautiful woman in the country and my lucky grand-father was lucky enough to marry such a wonderful lady." He said with a lot of love visible in his eyes."You were very close to her weren't you?" I asked."Yes we were." He said and then cleared his throat moving to the corridor."We are now going to the East wing." He announced. "There my siblings and my self's suites, the recording area, the games room and library are located." We walked into another corridor that led to sets of doors. We entered one which I quickly guessed to be the library. There were lots of shelves and lots of books."I could live in here." I said looking at the many books they had."Me too." He said."What are your favourites?" I asked."I prefer the fiction they are just so exciting. And you?""I like the classics.""Those are good too." He said and gestured to the door. We were visiting another room now. We entered the recording studio which had plenty of space. On one side there were many different looking guitars, beside was a violin and other instruments with strings. There were trumpets and many other blow to instruments. In the centre was a keyboard, drums and microphones. There were couches farther away and a mini fridge."Do you play any instruments?" He asked."I wish. The only thing I can play is a kazoo which is quit embarrassing." I admitted. "What about you?" I asked."I have a love for music so I pretty much know how to play most instruments I know." He said smiling smugly. Maybe he isn't that bad at all. I thought. We were back in the corridor walking to another door."You don't need to see our bedrooms because they are none of your business. If my siblings want to show you theirs they will but mine no." He said really arrogantly.  Forget it, he is a snob. I corrected my previous thought. "The west wing is my parents place so we never really go there and in the southern wing we have the working area so out tour is over." He said as we walked into a huge room where the others were. There was a a TV the size of a wall, couches around and every type of game you can imagine. There was even a food corner where you found the pop corn machine lots of different candy, a soda machine and a vending machine."How was the tour?" Emmett asked wiggling his eye-brows."It was fine." I said at the same time as Edward said None of your business. I rolled my eyes.We spent the evening playing fun games, chatting and laughing. Ben then called me to say that I was leaving. I said my good-byes to them and went Edward escorted me to the living room."It was a pleasure to have you here." Esme said."It was our pleasure." My mom said"I'll like a visit soon from you Isabella." She said and I smiled politely."I'll come sometime." I said."Edward you should take her to see our gardens." Esme said happily. Edward rolled his eyes at her but nodded.We said our goodbyes and left the Cullen mansion. Our mansion was not that far from theirs. Our mansion was huge but compared to theirs it was like a ordinary house."Don't you think that Edward is lovely?" My mom asked when we were still in the car. I rolled my eyes."He is a gentleman and Esme, Carlisle, your father and I have agreed that you two should get married as soon as you finish college.""WHAT?!" I yelled. That gave me only seven years of freedom. This will not end well.A/N: hey guys, what did you think? I was inspired by the fan-fiction "Living royal" and also my mom chose me a husband and I'm still in high school but the difference is that I have a choice and they don't. 
