I saw him. Him and Bella. But who cares about Bella? Seriously. I can't even image how she could be as important as him.They were standing by the brick wall of the Swan's driveway that divided apartments from each other. His modest, silver colored car was parked next to them. They were talking to each other, but it soon stopped, when I rushed from the woods that was behind the Swan's house. They looked strangely at me. Probably because of my unexplained rush and my intense look that I was giving to him.And she thought I was there for her so she walked closer to me and in front of Edward with questioning eyes. "Jacob. Why are you here?" she asked sounding annoyed. I would have rolled my eyes of her smugness, but I couldn't care about giving her any attention. I had already wasted too much attention to her by now and she didn't deserve any more.I was only a meter away from them and I didn't stop my course there. "Step aside, Bella", I ordered and not giving a second glance to her direction as she moved away from where I was heading. I might have poked her a bit too, but she didn't fall, so it was alright.All I could see was him and only him. Every cell of my body was getting pulled to him. It hurt not to be close to him. I needed to touch him. I needed him in my life, more than as an enemy. More than as a just a person in the world. More than just as a friend.His bright, golden eyes looked bewildered and confused. He could hear my thoughts so easily, but now he just couldn't comprehend them. It was all so sudden and odd to him that even his brilliant, sophisticated and beautiful mind turned upside down. My love was too strong for him. And it would devour him completely to it's warm and safe, soft blanket."Jake", he said under his breath with his absolutely charming, velvet voice, as I quickly put my arms under his own, to his back steadily, so he wouldn't have the time to pull away. I gently pulled him closer to my chest and then carefully placed my hot lips to his cold and perfect ones. I caressed him as he just stood there under my love.I could have sworn his skin got warmer and softer. Or maybe it just changed from my changed view. He didn't answer be back. My darling was just too shocked right now. I understood that. I was still a little bit too. But he would adjust to it soon. He had to. There was no other choice for either of us. It would be alright.He basically melted in my strong, big arms. I was now the only thing making him stand as I was holding him up from the ground. I ended our delicious kiss gently. His eyes were closed and marvelous even, when I couldn't see them open. I could swear he liked it. And he enjoyed it as much as I did.His now limp body let his graceful head slowly land against my chest. I placed a kiss on his glorious head that was covered with magnificent locks of the unique color of bronze hair. A bit of careful red, some darker and blonder locks of brown. And more of golden and bronze hair sticking out in every direction.And it was so soft. Like the most finest silk. I kind of wanted to rub my face against it, but I wasn't that noticeable to Bella. She was already greatly offended.I loved how he felt against my body. How he needed me so much right now and how I could offer him myself. He would fall down indeed if it wasn't for me. I turned my loving gaze from him just for a while that I could explain Bella. She still needed answers. This just had been more important and it needed come first."Bella. Nice to see you. But as you might see, it was actually Edward who I was looking for right now", I joked a bit with a grin. She looked absolutely plain to me now days. I did not know what I had seen in her that made me think she was the one for me and then just put Edward away, when he was the entire purpose of my existence. The entire purpose of the world. At least it was like that for me.Bella looked terrified and shocked. "W-what? What just happened? Jacob, let Edward go! What did you do to him?" Bella was screaming at the end of her words."Bella, I kissed him. I love him", I told her honestly. Edward laid in my arms peacefully. Just the way he should. "What?" But Bella just didn't get it."Remember when I told you about imprinting?" I asked her in way that she really should remember. "Well... But. Jacob! Edward? Really? No, no, no... What?" She sounded so very miserable now that I actually felt sorry for her. "I'm sorry Bella. It's true", I confirmed."I-I-I I'm going to fight for him, Jake! I won't let him go that easily. His mine." God, she was crying now. But at least it wasn't those damn desperate tears that she always used to get her blase ways. Now the tears were full of fight and possession. That's more like it. Though the fight will be easy. She stepped towards Edward as to rip him away from me. That wasn't going to happen."Bella, don't hurt yourself like that. You won't win. When he can get the utter love he deserves no matter what from me, why would he ever want to be with you?" I asked theoretically. Bella shook her head in disbelief. "No, no... I give him love. He loves me. Don't you Edward? Honey, you love me right? More than Jacob? You two were enemies to each other just a few minutes ago. You won't leave me for him", Bella tried with strained voice. She walked closer to us. Edward was resuscitating.He opened his eyes. And now me and Bella were both completely baffled.His eyes were the most amazing color of bright Emerald Green.And there was a heart pumping the most wonderful sound. It was no human. No, no. The heartbeat was too fast to be human's. But he was no vampire either. He was actually softer and warmer against my touch. So I wasn't imagining it all.He was the love and much more of my life now, but what else was he as well? Whatever it was made a tension that I didn't know existed yet, go away. I only felt love and peace inside of me and nothing more. I felt complete.My mouth was hanging open and so was Bella's. Edward's intense gaze collected me from the pieces of awe. And he definitely didn't look angry. He hugged me back with a faint smile. I uttered a laugh of excitement that he wanted me too. Well I turned him human even, or to whatever he was now, and that made him even more special.Sorry Bella. I think it's over for you two. He's mine now. I could see it from him. "I'm sorry, Bella", he said looking at her apologizing, but still hanging onto me.Bella broke into tears. That made Edward detach himself from me and went to Bella and wrap his long arms around her. She clanged onto him and I got jealous. I just got him and now he was back to her.I could also see he wasn't quite settled-in to his now new working body he hadn't had for decades. She was crushing him down without noticing. He winced."Easy Bella", I pleaded going after him and helping him stand. He looked thankfully at me, but went back to comfort Bella."I'm sorry, Bella. I don't know what's happening. I'm sorry. Can we talk about this inside? Please?" Edward asked. "To the living room. But I don't want Jacob. Not yet", Bella said. I was really getting pissed off from her. But she glared at me too."Bella, I'm sorry too. Kind of. But there's no way around this. I've imprinted. To Edward", I told her just so she would stop crying. But the constant sniffing was even more annoying. "And go get a tissue Bella", I said to her as she finally let go off Edward. I got another glare.She took Edward's hand and both of them went inside. "Can you wait here a moment Jake?" Edward turned around by the door as he asked with a caring expression. At least he still remembered and paid attention to me if Bella didn't who had already went inside."Yeah, I think so. I'll be right here waiting for you until you're done", I said. He smiled at me and I melted all the way to my bones. He closed the door behind them and I slumped down to sit on the stairs of the porch. "Love you", I muttered in the air knowing he would still hear me. And soon I heard a quiet "you too" back. A warm and fuzzy feeling conquered me. Even with my body aching to get close to him, I was felt better than I had ever been before. All because of him.I'm doing Jakeward. Yes! I hope you liked it. Though I know it's not the best you can have.Tell me if you want more in the reviews. I know I need to move forward with everything else too, but I can't help myself from starting new ones too.
