Thou art a heartless monsterDisclaimer: All recognisable characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. Author's note: Yay my second fanfic! I'd like to know what you think, R&R;! Enjoy...The step forward he took now was quite deliberate."Did Victoria ever find you?" I asked, breathless, desperate to distract him. It was the first question that popped into my head, and I regretted it as soon as the words were spoken. Victoriawho had hunted me with James, and then disappearedwas not someone I wanted to think of at this particular moment.But the question did stop him."Yes," he said, hesitating on that step. "I actually came here as a favour to her." He made a face. "She won't be happy about this."...Bella's POVI looked up at him eagerly. A question bubbled to the tip of my tongue. I never got to ask. He was in front of me in an instant.I staggered back a step from the look in his eyes. Laurent's weight shifted slightly. Quick as a flash he moved my hair to the side and bit into my neck. I gasped at the increase of a burning sensation that could only mean venom that pulsed with every heartbeat through my body."You won't get away with this!" I said as the edges of my vision began to blur and darken."And why not?" Laurent smiled widely as he gazed around the small meadow as if to look for someone to oppose him. I tried to reply but darkness took me....I fell through fire, that burnt every cell in my bodyAnd I strayed out of thought and timeUntil at last I awoke....I felt my last heartbeat and the last of the pain disappear. I opened my eyes to find that I was still in the meadow. I looked around; everything was dead from the change of season. Sadness filled me as I looked with perfect clarity at the prospect of the meadow and the noises of animals close by, and something else. A voice that was muffled slightly with the distance. I took a step in that direction but froze. I was a newborn. I didn't know if I could control my thirst. I could feel it though and that alone tempted me in the direction of the voice. It was clearer somehow and I could hear that it was a man's voice and they were calling my name. Bella. I ran in the opposite direction. It didn't exactly shock me at my speed but it did kind of surprise me how I never tired or faltered in my pace.In what seemed barely even minutes I arrived in a town which I recognised as Port Angelus. I saw on someone's wrist watch that it was almost five o'clock in the afternoon. I never went into the sunlight afraid of what people would think if my skin lit up like I had millions of diamonds on me. So I stayed in the line of trees. I debated whether I should go back home. I doubt Charlie would be there. I decided against it. I couldn't risk it. The burn in my throat was worst; it felt as though someone shoved a white hot poker down my mouth. I went further into the forest. Where I smelt the scent of an animal. I thought of the Cullen's diet. It no longer hurt to think of them which was peculiar. But the scent of the elk was not appetising whereas humans smelt mouth watering. I felt a tinge of guilt. I couldn't kill an innocent. A clouded memory played behind my eye lids as I remembered the gang of men that had stalked and cornered me. Criminals of the sorts, I could kill them, I doubt many will miss them. I continually argued half-heartedly with myself but my instinct won over my better judgement....I watched as the sun set and made my way back to the town and started looking about for a victim. I wondered in the quieter parts where mostly warehouses were. I didn't notice it as I had before but someone was following me. A man. He was obviously drunk by the way he swayed on his feet, and he was not alone. I turned down the closest ally way. They followed; there were at least three of them. The predator inside me made a small growling noise. I looked behind me; I quickened my pace as to make it look like I was afraid. I looked over my shoulder. Only two remained. I turned a corner and after a few moments I looked over my shoulder again. Only one. I smiled a little. I was being herded it seemed. They were going to corner me. I walked down a forked way, straight ahead was a dead end. Except there were two way opposite. I knew, I could smell and hear the other two coming. I pretended to look for escape routines and backed against the alley wall."There you are!" one of them boomed. I took another staged fearful step backwards away from them."Don't be like that, sugar." Another said noticing my retreating footsteps. One of them men staggered and caught himself on the side of the building and in the process slicing a shallow cut into his palm. I snapped at the sight of his blood. I went for him first. I grabbed him and bit him on his pulse point but he soon ran dry. I pounced on the nearest. I felt his neck give way from the force of my powerful jaws. I relished the flow of blood the gushed into my mouth. And finally I finished off the last who was still frozen in shock. Pity no one will hear them scream. Which is probably what they intended. I thought bitterly. I looked down at my garment it was not all bad. I didn't waste much blood but I still got some on the collar of my shirt. I left the bodies and flew in the direction of my fresh scent and towards the smell of the forest. I will wait out the day in the shade of the canopy of trees.
