I know I know a new story. I couldn't resist it's so much fun to write. I'm also working on a Bella/Rose. Anyway this is my version of Twilight. A Jacked Up Twilight :)xoxoxoxoxoI never put much thought into being in a relationship. Never thought I would risk my life for a girl. The thought just never crossed my mind. Never occurred to me. But then again, that was before I met her...My name is Isabella Marie Cullen. I have a large and kind family, one I'm proud to be a part of, though I'm the proverbial black sheep. The rest of my family, Carlisle and Esme (dad and mom), and Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, and Edward (my siblings) were Vampires. Pale skin, gold eyes, normal looking teeth, diamond hard skin and they don't sleep. Me? Dark, native-like skin, midnight blue eyes with a white ring around the pupil, noticeable fangs, and I love sleeping. Ah, sleep. If it were a person I would marry it, massage it and make it waffles in the morning. I was only half Vampire, but also half Shifter. Well not the normal shifter you're use to. An Immortal Shifter, basically.That morning started like any other. I had dreamt of short black hair and green eyes. An elf, maybe. Odd dream. Anyway, I woke up and stood, stretching my long body, and rolled my shoulders. After my shower I dressed in jeans, black, steel toe combat boots, a tight black tank top, and my choker, which held the Cullen family crest; The hand above the lion means a pledge of faith, sincerity and justice. The Lion is of passant design and means dauntless courage. The three clover like symbols under the lion are called Trefoil or Shamrock and they mean time without end. The white gold color contrasted my skin beautifully. I finished by pulling my waist length hair into a ponytail and felt satisfied. With that done I headed downstairs to greet my family. Emmett and Jasper grinned at me from the Xbox while Rose gave me a soft smile from over the top of her car magazine. Edward gave me a crooked smile, trying to imitate my own natural smile. Why would I be attracted to my own move? Gosh, Edward. Open your eyes and look at the blondy playing video games."Big sis!" Emmett grinned, running over to give me a bear hug. I laughed a little and hugged his neck, letting him swing me around before I was set down. Rose, my sister and his mate, smiled."How'd you sleep, Bell?""Pretty good. I had a weird dream" I shrugged and headed to the kitchen where mom smiled at me and placed a bacon, cheese and mushroom omelet on the table. I thanked her and ate, not minding that the food was suppose to be burning my mouth. She had loved discovering I ate, seeing as she loved to cook as a human and I ate five time the normal person did, making up for my four siblings that didn't eat. Almost before I finished Edward breezed in, trying to be suave. Ugh, he's been flirting with me since I joined the family."Hey, Bella," His velvet voice sounded. "I was wondering if you wanted to-""No," I replied shortly, standing."What about-""No." I walked in and joined the others."Even if I-""Edward, you're only a few centuries younger than me. No has always meant no, still mean no, and will always mean no. Would you like me to say it in spanish? No." My voice was calm, as I always was. Calm meant I didn't shift. Calm meant control. I had control.I heard others snickering before Emmett boomed a laugh. "Dude! Owned!"Rose smiled. "Maybe you should finally listen to her. She's been stopping your advances since she joined us fifty years ago."I smiled at that memory. Jasper and I had been traveling together before then. I had found him about two weeks before he was changed and saved him, fighting with him in the Vampire wars. Due to this we both donned several scars, though mine were faint, completely invisible to humans and even Vampires could barely see them. Jasper's were even paler than he was, and his were numerous. When we had come to the Cullen Coven they believed us mates. We laughed for twelve straight minutes. No joke. Emmett timed us.Shaking myself from memories I sat behind Jasper on his bike. It was Jasper, and his bike, or Edward in his Volvo. Jasper. I choose Jasper. As he drove we held normal conversation."It's so hard to watch him do that" he sighed, though my sensitive ears easily caught the softly spoken words."In time he will see.""How do you know?" The sadness held in his voice broke my heart and I sighed, squeezing his waist in a hug."I'm older than all of you put together. Trust me. I know. "He sputtered. "You're that old?"I laughed a little. "Yes.""Okay I trust you." He was silent a time. "So there's a new student""Yeah.""What do you think she looks like?"I shrugged. "She's from Mississippi?""Yeah. So I've heard.""A southern belle."He started chuckling. "Ironic that you'd say that."I smacked his arm lightly and he winced. Maybe it wasn't so lightly. "Ow""Stop making funnies. Save that for wooing your man.""Fine," he said, making me picture him pouting and sticking out his tongue at me.We pulled in and parked in the spots dubbed ours and I pulled off my helmet, shaking out my hair. Oh, I forgot. So before me Edward had the weirdest hair. See, Rose and Jazz are blondies, Emmett has curly black hair. Edwards is a bronzy color. Me? Black with natural blotches of Midnight blue and white. Sexy as hell and hard to cover up. I can't dye it, for I wake up to have it normal again.Anyway, I noticed one thing the second I took off my helmet. A flowery smell, mixed with something unique and probably the only way to describe it was with the name of the owner. While part of me wanted to look around for it, I instead turned to my traveling companion and best friend. He was stiff as a statue, eyes almost as black as my hair. A low rumble rolled from his chest and I put a hand on his cheek. "Jazz?""The new girl," Edward said in a rush, worried. "She's his singer." I nodded and stood in front of Jasper, putting on hand on his throat and the other on his chest. I knew the white ring extended to the rest of my iris as gold filled where the ring once was and I felt the heat of the burning he felt flow from his throat and chest up into my hands, down my arms, through my shoulders, and rested at my own throat. The thirst was intense, but I knew I had far better control than my brother and best friend. Exhausted from the work I had just done, I slumped against Jasper, feeling him wrap his arms around me to hold me up."Edward get her a bottle of water or a soda," Jasper said, panicked."It's pop, Jazz pop""You Yankee," he chuckled,squeezing me a little while Edward ran at a quick human pace to the vending machines. "Thank you, Bella.""It's the least I could do, little brother.""Don't forget you're the youngest this year," he chuckled, his chest rumbling. I smiled, clinging to his shirt to keep up, my head on his shoulder. I looked up to see his eyes were gold again and knew mine were once more white and blue.Just as the burning became near unbearable, Edward returned with a Code Red Mountain Dew. Oh, my god he just got awesome brother points. I opened it quickly and drank a large gulp of it down."Thank you."He nodded and the bell rang. Jasper walked me to my first period, refusing to leave my side until I was in my seat. He even carried my bag. I sighed as I sat down and rolled my shoulders, sipping on my drink until the bell rang. Mrs. Collona had just began her lecture when there was a knock at the door. The new girl. It had to be. That scent was undeniable. She walked in and I glanced up. Short 5'1, maybe. Short, spiked black hair sticking in all directions. Small button nose, red lips pulled into a nervous smile. Red chucks, dark blue skinny jeans and a black tank top with a Yin-Yang sign on the chest. I met her eyes andThe world just stopped. No class no students. Forks as a whole stopped moving breathing existing. There was nothing in the world but myself and this green eyed, spiky haired goddess. She was beautiful stunning I couldn't think right anymore. She met my eye and walked toward me before I would regain my composure she was beside me."Hi," she whispered, her voice like bells and drawing me in. "I'm Alice.""Alice" I repeated, tasting her name on my tongue and liking it. "I'm Bella."She blushed, smiling and a bit of the burn returned, though not unbearable. I smiled back, knowing it was naturally crooked. "Your eyes are amazing," she said, keeping our conversation low. "I've never seen anything like it."I knew what appeared to be a blush appeared on my cheeks. Bella Bio lesson #1: I don't actually blush. You see, it's not blood in my veins. It's fire. So yes, my cheek heated up, but the blush was a fire not a blood build. The blush made her giggle and I grinned."Ms. Cullen, it's nice to see you talking, but please pay attention."I tore my eyes from Alice's and looked front, nodding. "Yes, Mrs. Collona."The rest of class I was texting Jasper under the table.Jasper! Your singer! XxBellsxXWhat about her? XxCowboyxXShe's my Imprint! XxBellsxXHoly shit wait we always thought you couldn't Imprint? XxCowboyxXSo did I but yet, here I am, next to Alice, and oh, my god she is beautiful XxBellsxX You got it baaaad XxCowboyxXOn the upside, you get Eddie all to yourself. XxBellsxXOh, my lovely lesbian, I never doubted that ;P XxCowboyxXI chuckled and rubbed my temples before I heard the bell ring. I packed my things and Alice grabbed my hand, stopping my departure. "Wait," she said hesitantly before biting her lip and looking elsewhere. "C-can you help me to my class?""What's your class?""Visual arts with Banner.""Groovy," I grinned. "I have that next."She smiled and we walked to class, still hand-in-hand.
