Cole's POV I watched the time on my phone, tapping my foot against the floor and wishing it'd move faster. The last ten minutes had felt like an hour, and now that I only had a few more minutes to go, I wondered if it really mattered to wait until two o'clock. I mean, what difference did three minutes of sleep actually make?"Oh, screw it," I finally said, clicking my phone off and standing up from the couch.I almost ran into the bedroom in my excitement, but somehow managed to walk fairly normally. Pushing the door open, I wasn't surprised to find Will still asleep in the dark room. I didn't want to startle him, so I didn't draw open the heavy curtains yet. Instead, I turned a small lamp on and walked over to his side of the bed, sitting down beside him."Hey, Will," I said softly, shaking his shoulder lightly. He didn't rouse, so I shook a little harder . . . and then a little harder after that. "Handsome.""Hmm?" he groaned, blinking his eyes open tiredly. A small smile formed on his lips as I grinned. "Did I miss my alarm?"I shook my head. "Nope, I'm your alarm today.""Oh, really?" His brow cocked as I giggled. "Come here."I leaned down to meet his lips, enjoying the simple, quick kiss. His beard tickled me, causing a soft giggle  which only made him laugh as we parted. "Sit up," I said, standing up from the bed. "I've got a little something for you  an early birthday gift."As I went to my dresser, pulling out the wrapped envelope, he sat up and turned his light on. The tickets in my hand felt like gold, for some reason. I could barely believe I didn't just shove them in his face right away, but I didn't. He'd been awake for, like, a minute, so that was enough waiting."Open," I said, grinning as I sat in front of him.He smirked, shaking his head. "So, you can give me birthday gifts early, but I can't give you anything without being told it's unnecessary?""Pretty much," I laughed as he tore off the bow, ripping the paper off."It's a good thing I like gifts then, isn't it?"He finger slid under the lip of the envelope, tearing it open carefully. I almost couldn't control my excitement as he pulled the two tickets out and realization dawned on him. His eyes instantly grew wide  his mouth falling open."Holy shit!" His eyes flew to mine as he grinned. "We're going to see the Giants? On Sunday?"I nodded. "Yes!""Gorgeous!" he yelled, dropping the tickets to his side and pulling me into his arms. His lips were against mine, our tongues moving together in sync. "I-I . . . thank you."I smiled, pecking his lips once more before he picked the tickets back up. "Those are good seats, right? I asked Emmett for the best.""Good? These are incredible! The best seats in the stadium, actually. I don't . . . these seats are never available. How did he get them?""He's very good at getting what he wants," I giggled, deciding not to mention the amount of money Emmett paid the season ticket holder. "I just wanted us to have a good experience. So you're happy?""I'm thrilled!" he laughed. "Cole, thank you. I couldn't have asked for a better gift.""Well, that's not all of it, though."He eyed me, cocking his brow. "Oh yeah?""You need to pack because we're spending the entire weekend in New York City." I playfully looked at my watch as he grinned. "Which starts in about an hour.""You're incredible. You know that, right?"I shrugged. "I just wanted to make you happy.""I'm beyond happy, Fraise." He lifted his hand, caressing my cheek. "This is too much, and I'm so grateful. The whole weekend, huh?""Yep, and Dad's covering your shift Monday, so we don't have to rush home. You deserve a weekend back in the city and I hope you'll want to go to Brooklyn?"He smiled, nodding. "I can show you where I grew up. Thank you for this, gorgeous. I guess I should pack, huh? Have you?""Last night, and I already put my bags in my car when I got home from class.""Sneaky," he teased, leaning in to kiss me once more.It didn't take Will long to pack, of course. While he did so, I told him most of our plans for this weekend. The game wasn't until Sunday, and I'd booked the hotel room through Monday  with late checkout, too. We decided to spend tomorrow in Brooklyn and maybe do a little exploring in Manhattan, too. Besides the game, I didn't have anything major planned for us. I figured that we could catch a play if we wanted or just find stuff to do as we went.All I really cared about was that Will was happy, and he assured me he was. For all I cared, we could spend the weekend locked in our hotel room  which, really, wasn't all that terrible of a plan. Nothing made me happier than seeing him smile so brightly. It meant more than a simple thank you ever could, which he said a lot.Once he finished packing and I added a few essentials that I couldn't pack beforehand, we finally got on the road around three-thirty. The drive to New York City wasn't all that far  only about ninety miles  but traffic made it seem longer."Are you sure you don't want me to drive?" Will asked. "The city can be pretty insane.""I'll be fine," I said, glancing over and smiling at him.He'd driven a couple times over the past few weeks, but I wasn't about to put this on him. He was still getting used to driving my car, after all. He'd been doing a great job, but he was just getting started again and that traffic . . . it was a little much  even I was dreading it. I knew he'd do it if I wanted him to, though."Well, if you're not, just let me know," he said. "So, what hotel are we staying at? Let me guess, not a Holiday Inn?"I giggled, shaking my head. "Nope. We're staying at the Ritz-Carlton, and our room overlooks Central Park.""Holy shit," he laughed. "Went all out for me, didn't you?""Of course, handsome! You deserve the best."He laid his hand on my knee, giving it a gentle squeeze. "You're amazing. I love you, Fraise.""I love you, too." I smiled.We didn't get to the hotel until after six, but it could have been much worse. The busy traffic terrified me, but with Will's guidance, I managed to navigate without killing us both. I mean, we had a close call or two  or five  but we made it in one piece."Promise not to flip, okay?" I asked, grinning sheepishly as the bellhop opened our hotel room door.Will sighed, shaking his head with a small smile. "You went overboard, didn't you?"I just giggled, stepping into the luxurious room in front of him. His mouth dropped, taking in the scene before us. I'd gone a little overboard  maybe  but he deserved it. I could finally understand why Dad got so much joy out of doing this to me. The look on Will's face was just . . . priceless.He muttered a few 'holy shits' and 'Jesuses' as I paid the bellhop his tip before he left. Once the door closed behind him, I laid my purse down on a chair by the door, grinning as Will turned away from the window toward me."This is unbelievable, gorgeous! I can't . . . I mean, this view!"I took a few steps across the room, meeting him by the large windows. I wrapped my arm around his waist as he pulled me close, kissing my temple."It's a pretty nice view, isn't it?" I asked.He let out a quick, bark of a laugh. "Sure, we'll go with nice. Cole, you didn't have to do all of this. This room is . . ."I looked around the room as he did, loving the regal look of the room. It was the definition luxury, to be honest. I'd booked us a small suite, so besides the luscious king size bed, we had a sitting area over to the far side of the room. Taking his hand, I lead Will to the bathroom, flicking on the bright overhead lights. The room was incredible, but the bathroom? It was beyond words. A large, whirlpool tub was tucked into the corner beside an open glass shower. The room was huge, and I knew we'd get some use out of it.Maybe a replay was our time on St. Bart's . . . in that tub."This is too much, but thank you," he said, smiling and turning toward me.I stood on my toes, my lips brushing against his. "You're welcome. Happy almost-birthday, handsome.""Oh, it'll be pretty happy," he teasing, beginning to kiss me slowly at first.It didn't stay slow, to say the least. My hands clasped around his neck, holding him to me. As our lips moved together, he lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around his waist."Should we eat first?" I giggled, pulling away slightly."Well, you did forget to feed me, so I suppose so," he sighed, carrying me into the bedroom. "How about ordering in, though?""I like the way you think."After getting unpacked and settled, Will and I eventually fell onto the bed, looking over the room service menu. I was perfectly content with not leaving the room tonight, so I was glad Will and I were on the same wave link."I think I'm going to get chicken," I said with my head against his chest, looking at the menu as he held it. "Or maybe steak."He laughed softly under me. "That's what I'm getting.""Of course you are. Hmm, yeah, I think steak for me, too. Do you want to order? I want out of these jeans.""Well, if doing so gets you out of those jeans, I'm certainly not going to object." He smirked, meeting my lips for a brief moment. "What all do you want?"After telling him my order, I finally got off the bed  though he didn't make it easy. We had the entire weekend to do whatever we wanted, but all I wanted to do tonight was be with him. We hadn't been together since he'd gotten sick, so needless to say, I wasn't going to waste any time. This trip was for his birthday, yes, but it was also a chance for the two of us to get away, leaving worrying about school and work at home. It was time for us to reconnect again. It was time for us to just be . . . us.After changing into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, I headed back into the room as Will hung up the phone. He looked so handsome, smiling up at me as he laid the phone back in the base."They said it'll be about twenty minutes," he said, folding his arms under his head. His t-shirt stretched up, exposing his stomach just slightly. "Do you need to call your dad?""Yeah, I probably should," I sighed, climbing back into bed next to him.I grabbed my phone off of the end table as he said, "Thank him for covering for me on Monday, please? He really doesn't have to do that.""We'll call it his gift to you." I smiled, hitting Dad's name on my screen and putting the phone to my ear.It rang once before Dad answered, "Hello, Tesoro. Are you settled?""Yep, hold on a second." I pulled the phone away, putting it on speaker. "You can thank him," I whispered to Will."Hey, Carlisle," Will said, leaning into me. "Thank you so much for covering my shift on Monday. You really didn't have to do that, but I appreciate it.""You're welcome, Will. I hope you have a good birthday with Cole. You deserve it."Switching my phone back off speaker, I put it against my ear as a Will climbed out of bed. He walked around the room for a moment before disappearing into the bathroom as I spoke to Dad."How was the drive?" he asked."Uh, well, I'm not looking forward to doing it again, if that tells you anything," I giggled. "It was fine until we got into the city, but Will helped guide me through the ridiculous traffic.""Well, at least you got there safely. I won't bother you this weekend, all right? Just . . . try to call me once a day, please?""Only once?" I asked, cocking my brow with a smile. "Are you giving me space?"He chuckled. "Yes, I am. Just be safe for me, okay? If you have any issues, I'd certainly appreciate a call, but I won't ask you to call me three times a day. What are you doing tonight?""Not a thing," I giggled. "I think we both deserve to rest a little, and I'm officially on break, after all. Tomorrow we're going to Brooklyn, though, and maybe a little exploring in Manhattan, too.""I won't be looking at your credit card statement, then," he laughed. "Then again, I highly doubt you could do more damage than Alice.""Maybe I'll give her a run for her money." I smiled as Will came out of the bathroom, changed into just a pair of boxers  not even a t-shirt. "I, uh . . . I think food should be here soon, so I'm going to let you go.""All right, Tesoro," Dad said. "Have fun and be safe. I love you.""I love you, too. Tell Mom the same for me, please?""Of course. Bye, baby girl.""Bye," I said, pulling the phone away and hanging it up quickly, tossing it to my side as Will opened the mini fridge. "Anything good in there?""Lots," he said, turning his head and flashing a smile. "We could get drunk off of overly priced mini liquor bottles.""How overly priced?" I smirked.He laughed. "Too rich for my blood, let's just say. How about a Coke?"He pulled two from the fridge as I nodded, and then walked back to the bed, climbing in beside me. As we waited for our food, we talked a little about the game on Sunday. I wasn't sure I'd ever seen Will more giddy  almost childlike, even."God, I haven't been to a game since my grandpa passed away," he said, smiling softly. "We had so much fun. It was our thing, you know? We'd try to catch a game or two each year  at least one, for sure. Our seats were always shitty, but that didn't matter.""That's so sweet," I said. "Maybe . . . we'll go to more games after this. I mean, if you want to with me. I'm not sure how much fun I'll be, freezing my butt off and barely understanding what's going on." I giggled."I'll make sure you understand," he laughed, leaning in to kiss my cheek. "Really, gorgeous, this is an incredible gift. I can't thank you enough.""Well, I can think of how you can thank me more." I smirked just as someone knocked on our door. "After we eat, I suppose."He grinned, nodding as he stood up. "I promise to thank you thoroughly."I giggled as he headed to the door, opening it and taking the tray from the man on the other side. He was still only in his boxers, which only made me laugh more. The poor guy on the other side . . . Thankfully, Will was quick to shut the door and come back, laying the tray in front of me on the bed."That smells so yummy," I said.He moaned, nodding and coming back to sit down. We quickly got situated, taking the lids off of our matching meals and digging in. The steak was amazing, as were the sides. We ate in mostly silence, though it wasn't at all uncomfortable. We'd glance at each other and nothing even needed to be said.After we ate, I made Will take our tray outside as I hurried to my suitcase, grabbing the tiny babydoll I'd stashed inside and ran into the bathroom. It was another piece I'd gotten with Mom before our St. Bart's vacation, but Will never saw this one on me. It was red and lacy  a piece of fabric that barely covered a thing. The matching panties were basically floss, and though I couldn't stand them, I put them on, knowing they'd come off soon enough.I quickly brushed my teeth and flipped my head a few times, teasing my hair some. I didn't bother putting on makeup, knowing Will preferred me without it anyway. Looking in the mirror, I actually felt . . . sexy. I felt good. The last time I'd put something like this on, I was a fit of nerves. It was right before our very first time, after all.This time, though, there were no nerves or panicking. I just felt good  and sexy, for once in my life."You know, it's not very fair of you to take up the bathroom before me."I giggled, looking toward the closed door. "Close your eyes and slip in as I slip out."I heard him chuckle. "I take it I'm going to like what I see, then. All right, eyes are closed."I opened the door slightly, making sure his eyes were closed before hurrying out as he went in, closing the door quickly. With the room to myself, I decided to . . . spruce things up a little. I quickly turned off the TV, dimmed the lights, and then pulled down the bed some.Of course, my usual awkward self came out as I figured out how to sit on the bed. I tried laying on my stomach  lame. Laying on my side  even lamer. Under the blankets . . . Yeah, that didn't even work a little.Finally, I just decided to say screw it and sat up, folding my legs to the side under me. It wasn't sexy, but that was okay. I didn't need a position to make myself feel better. I had Will  who then came out of the bathroom.His lips turned up into a grin as his eyes raked over me. "You look good in red.""Yeah?" I asked, feeling my cheeks flush. "I, uh . . . I like it.""Oh, I do too," he chuckled, sliding onto the bed beside me. His hand rested against my cheek, turning my face to the side as his lips pressed against mine. "You look gorgeous, Fraise.""Sexy?""Hell yes." He grinned, laying me back, spreading himself out over top of me.He kissed me tenderly, every inch of my neck touched by his soft lips. I ran my hand through his hair, smiling softly as his lips moved down my chest, kissing between my breasts."May I?" he asked as his hand moved up my stomach.I nodded wordlessly, appreciating that he asked first. Honestly, this was still new to us and I did worry if it'd ever be too much for me from time to time. He understood that without me saying a word, which just made this feel even more right. We belonged together  to do this . . . to love. There would never another person I could trust like this."God, you feel amazing," he whispered as his hand went under the babydoll and his fingertips brushed over my nipple  his lips still suckling softly on my neck. "I love you so much.""I love you too, handsome."And I did, more than I could ever express with words. His fingers felt so good against my skin, making me tingle in anticipation. I loved how he knew how to make me feel good  something I was still learning. I did know one thing I wanted, though."Will you . . ." I whispered, pulling my lip between my teeth as he lifted his head, looking into my eyes."Will I what, Fraise?" he asked, his lip curling into a sly smirk. "What do you want me to do?""I want . . . your fingers first." God, my skin was so warm with my blush, covering my face and chest. "And . . . your mouth later?"Honestly, I loved the actual act, but . . . there was something about his fingers and mouth that, well, I craved.He grinned, nodding. "You can have whatever you'd like, Cole. How about we get these off?" He fingered the floss  also known as panties  and I nodded as he sat up. "I'd like to rip them off, but I'll take my time."I sat up on my elbows as he crawled down my body. His slender fingers slipped under the band around my waist, slowly pulling them from my hips. My skin tingled once more as he brushed against my thighs, looking down at me as I was revealed. Taking my ankle in his hand, he slipped the small piece of fabric passed one, and then did the other.My legs fell together automatically, but he didn't want that. He brought his hands up my legs, stopping at the inside of my knees. Slowly, he pushed them apart  his eyes still trained on my center. He licked his lips as I spread myself as far as I comfortably could.Spread out before him on the bed, I'd never felt more wanted."Are you magnificent," he whispered, trailing his fingers up my inner high. His hand rest over my mound and the heat shuddered through me, making me moan in need and want."Please," I begged. "Please touch me."His eyes lifted to mine as he smiled and moved a finger down my folds, achingly slowly. "You're so wet for me already, aren't you, gorgeous?"I nodded, panting, "Yes."His fingertip touched the most sensitive part of me and my body shook softly  our eyes still locked on each other's. I wanted to watch him, though, so I lowered my gaze, watching at his finger moved in slow circles over my clit. His other hand trailed back up my thigh soon enough, and I watched with rapt attention as two fingers entered me.I gasped, moaning out his name."I love that you're watching," he said, smiling. "Do you see what I'm doing to you? You like this."It wasn't a question because the answer was obvious as I spread myself a little more, sitting up higher to watch as his fingers moved into me, increasing in pace. His other finger was still against my clit, sending pleasure coursing through me."Another," I whispered, meeting his gaze once more. "Please."He pulled his fingers from me, lifting his hand and putting three fingers together. He'd never used three before, but . . . I wanted it. I wanted to know how it felt.I watched as his other hand parted me once more and he moved the three fingers to my entrance. He twisted his hand around slowly as they moved into me."Oh God," I gasped, feeling so much fuller."You're such a good girl." He grinned as his pace picked up slightly as first then more so. "I'm fucking you with my fingers, gorgeous, and you're taking me so willingly."His words sent me into a frenzy as I sat up even more, wrapping an arm around his neck. He moved closer and my legs bent around either side of him, holding him to me as he worked."You feel so damn incredible, Cole.""More . . . faster," I panted burying my head against his bare chest. "Will!" I cried out.His fingers moved quickly, rubbing the sensitive spot inside of me. My body tensed as the waves of pleasure crashed over me, holding him tighter as if letting him go would be an end."Will! God! Will!" I screamed out, entirely too loud but completely uncaring."You're so tight around me. You're pretty little pussy, squeezing me. You want more, don't you?"I didn't have to answer. His fingers moved faster again, burying themselves into me as my body squeezed around him. I shook and cried and screamed as the orgasm rocked my body to its core. I held him as his free hand wrapped around my back, lifting me up some while the pleasure coursed through me.I was left panting, the soft sounds barely escaping my lips as I fell against him, unable to keep my grip, though he held me close.I'd never felt so relaxed before  my mind blank as I breathed in his scent. His fingers left my body soon after and he moved me, laying me back against the pillows. His body laid over mine, though his weight was kept off of me."You are the most incredible, beautiful woman I've ever known," he said, caressing my cheek as I turned my head lazily to the side, fluttering my eyes open."I love you, handsome." I smiled, bringing my seemingly heavy hand to his face. I scratched at his beard as he grinned down at me. "Thank you."He chuckled. "No thanks necessary. Watching you, Fraise . . . there are no words. I love you so much, and I always will. It'll always be like this. I'll worship you for the rest of our lives.""A girl could get used to that," I giggled.He dipped his head, pressing his lips to mine. Our tongues entwined as the moment engulfed us  our love pouring into the kiss.We laid like that for a while  his head over my chest, my heart, and my hand in his hair. We listened to each other breathe, whispering our love every so often.Our lips meant again after sometime, and the words didn't need to be said. His hands lifted the babydoll over my head between kisses  his boxers tossed to the floor, as well. We laid on our sides, facing each other as he hiked my leg over his waist."How about we go slowly?" he asked, smiling before kissing the tip of my nose.I nodded. "I'd like that. Love me, Will.""Forever," he said, moving into me, filling me slowly.Our connection was more than just our bodies. It was as if our minds melted together, knowing exactly what each other needed. He held me close, keeping his movements slow as I kissed his neck, nuzzling my cheek against his jaw.The feeling was incredible, of course, but even more so were the emotions I felt. No fear, just love  blissful love. He loved me, and he always would."I love you so much," I said as tears filled my eyes. "God, I love you."He groaned, thrusting into me and hitting that spot inside. "I love you too, Cole."His face pinched in pleasure  eyes closing tightly. His movements were slow, but each thrust had strength to it, rocking the bed and filling me so wonderfully.Having him inside me was a feeling unlike any other. It was better each time, it seemed, and I'd never get enough of it. I knew his love  the feeling I had each time he whispered it  but feeling it in this way was different. It felt more complete.As if I were complete when we were together like this, and nothing could ever compare.Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or its characters, but Cole and Will are mine.I owe my friend, Gretchen, a huge thank you. She's the reason this story is what it is, and I couldn't write without her advice and words of encouragement. Also, thank you to Kelley for prereading and hand holding. They're both so lovely to me.I hope you all will enjoy this part of the story! Thanks so much for reading, and I'd love to hear your thoughts!
