"What the hell is wrong with you?!" "Me?! I just...don't want to be tied down!" "Then why are you here?! If you didn't notice, I have a boyfriend!" He cringed and started to shake. "That sick basta- " "Don't! Just leave." "I can't!" "Why not?!" "Because, I love you!"Disclaimer : I don't own twilight. If I did, it would be more wolf scenes. Paul/OCWarning: Chapter fluffed. Playlist: Wake Me Up- Avicii(Aria)I dusted my hands off as I set the last box down in my new apartment. I breath in. It felt good to be back in my home town, La Push. I just finished college and moved back here. After being constantly tossed from place by place with my brother by my mom and dad`s jobs, it feels nice to settle down. My dad worked in the military and my mum`s a nurse. So far I`ve lived in California for 2 years, Kansas for 1, Texas for 2 and lastly New York for a 4 years in college. All I've done is travel, travel, travel. I wonder if everyone still here. Least likely. I started to open the boxes and organize this new place I call home.So, let me explain. My name is Aria Mitchell. My father, Jason Mitchell is Quileute who is from La Push. Just an original person like anyone else, but that`s where my mum comes in. She moved here to America from Germany to find what she wanted to do in life. So, you`d think, (What does this have to do with the story?) Let me get to that. Hearing this story millions of times, I practically know it by heart: One unusually sunny day in La Push high school, Jason (my dad) walked into school when he was pulled into the principal office saying he had to show a new foreign exchange student around. He defiantly didn`t like the idea, I mean who would? Talking to someone who can barely understand you. And finally we met my mum, Melanie Engel.She wasn`t good at English. She was trying...more like struggling, but it`s okay. No one can blame a new foreign student to know new languish right off the bat. Dad would laugh every time she mispronounced a word and correct her which left her cheeks red. Blah, blah, blah, he taught her how to properly speak English after work and she`s not perfect. She still fumbles here and there, but whatever. They got married and blah, blah, blah. Soon, my father joins the military and after a month in, mother tell him she`s pregnant. You guessed it, with me. But, there was a problem, dad wanted to come home and take care of his wife and soon to be born child, while mum just loves to be stubborn and keeps assuring him to stay. After hours of mumbo jumbo, mum decided to take the nursing career since she just came from college in the nursing profession. That, he agreed to. After when mum was about to pop, they got a week off on Thanksgiving. Did you guess I was born? Well, you`re right. They made a decision to have mum stay behind and take care of me. Of course she had her family and dad`s family helping though. And around Christmas the year later, my little brother was expected.So, you heard that. Now, when I was 12 and my brother, Aaron who was 10, our mother thought she could go back to working into the nursing career again and taking us along too. And you`re probably wonder, "Why`d you tell us that?" Well, just a little something you should know about me.I signed remember being raised on a military base. Learning self-defense moves, getting over fears and not to mention, handling anything. I felt a smile creep onto my lips.Good times.4 Hours Later I looked around, satisfied and went into the kitchen. I grabbed a glass of water and hopped on the counter top. I sip my drink and wondered: what Spencer doing right now. I smiled as the memory of my boyfriend strucked my mind. We are currently having a long distance relationship. Some say it doesn't work, but Spence and I believe. My dad still has suspicions about him, claiming he`s not what they call it `good enough.` That`s why I was taught self-defense. To keep guys off me. My father`s words, not mines. I gulp down the last of my water and hopped off the counter. I place the cup in the sink and headed to my still unfinished room. Plopping down on the bed, I grabbed my laptop."Aria!" Spencer yelled, excitedly as soon as we were on video chat."Hey, Spency. Did ya miss me?" I winked. He chuckled."You know we did." I laughed."So, how's it been?"I sighed, "Good, I guess. New York is a long distance from Washington.""I know, babe." He smiled, "But, we can get through it." I smiled back, crinkling my nose."Thanks.""You're welcome. I have to go.""Bye, Spence." I closed my laptop and rolled on my back to face the white, pale ceiling. I couldn't help but wonder.What color should I paint my room?I know! Blue!But, how was I going to paint and redecorate this room by myself? I shook my head and forced myself up.I went into the bathroom and took a shower. I threw on some green elastic pj pants and a black tank-top.I set my laptop under the bed and laid on the bed. Until I remembered something...I was afraid of being alone.I groan and grabbed my Iphone and headphones and went to Netflix. I put on Spongebob as my eyes slowly drifted off to sleep.I grabbed my car keys off the table and got in my motorcycle. I was on my way to the hardware store, (no thanks to this damn map). As soon as I got there, I went to the paint aisle. After finding the right shade of blue, I went in line to pay.Call me crazy, but...Is that guy staring at me. I noticed her had tools. He was kinda cute and looked familiar. Muscular, tan and tall. Of course being me, I had to say something."Take a picture. It'll last longer." I teased. He chuckled."Sorry. You just look familiar.""Sure."That`s what they all say.Have you seen me before? In your dreams.Or...Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?"What's your name.""Oh, so now I'm giving my name to a complete stranger now? How safe." I rolled my eyes."How do you know we don't know each other?" He raised his eyes brow as if to say 'I already know I'm right.'I rolled my eyes once more, "I'll give you my name...as soon as you give me your's."He chuckled, "Seems fair. Jacob Black."Something familiar about that name."Aria Michelle." His eyes widen in shock before his lips formed a giant smile."Minnie!"Wait, there was only one person who call me that..."Jakey!" I don't even care if we're making a scene in this hardware store. Okay, another story. When I did live in La Push, Jakey and I were the bestest (Not even a real word) friends. I mean, I had to hang with Bella too because that was his friend too, but I know for a fact I was his best. I never liked Bella. She was always whining. Like seriously. `Bitch, can you please shut the hell up?` "What are they feeding you? " I asked.Whatever it is, I don`t want it! "You`re so...big and I`m suppose to be older than you." I patted his buff shoulder.He chuckled, "You`re only two years older than me."I looked him up and down, "Have you been doing drugs?" He laughed. "Steroids?" I whispered which only caused him to laugh more."No, none of that. I just...changed. I`m a growing boy.""I haven`t seen you in 9 years and you change into the fucking Hulk."He scoffed, "The Hulk wish he was as sexy as me. So, Minnie, how the heck are ya?"Ok, Minnie's not close to my name at all. When we were kids, I was obsessed with Minnie Mouse.Weird huh?I laughed, "Fine. What about you?""Good.""Next." I looked at the frustrated cashier who looked like he was trying to get our attention for a while now. He ringed up my stuff and waited for Jake who carried my stuff to my BMW HP2 Sports bike."How's New York?""Fine. I've been interested in music."He smiled with his eyebrow raised, "Oh, really?""Yup.""So, did you come here with your mum-""All me. I just finished college and moved back here in my home town.""Great! I can help you paint." He pointed to the blue paint."Thank goodness." We finally made it to my motorcycle as he can set the heavy materials in the basket in the front."This your bike?" He asked, impressed."Yup." He examined my bike. He was always a sucker for motorcycles and cars. I, myself developed the habit."Sweet ride. I knew I was an influence on you." He gave me a cheeky smile.I rolled my eyes, "Whatever,'"Here." I grabbed a random napkin and pen from my purse and wrote my address and phone number down."You better call Jake." I warned."Okay, Minnie."I walked into my apartment with heavy bags. I drop them near the door and plopped on the couch. I set my feet on the coffee table and turned on the t.v. After a few minute, my phone started to play We Are Young by F.U.N.Yeah, that`s right bitches!I checked the caller i.d. I didn't notice so I picked up."What'd up." I answered as I got up and headed for the kitchen."Really? What'd up? So lame for you, Minnie." I heard Jake say. I could hear him roll his eyes."Well, I thought we were going to have a nice, pleasant conversation." I noted the sarcasm."Nice and pleasant." He muttered.I gasped, "I didn't want to talk to you anyway." I put my hand on the fridge and opened it, searching for a can of cherry soda."Than why are you talking to me?" I shrugged and hung up.Let's see how long he'll take.I finally founded the soda, washed the can off and grabbed a glass with ice before pouring it into the glass. Just as I expected, my phone rang. I wait a few seconds before answering."23 seconds." I teased."Oh, how I miss your humor.""Well, you said you didn't want to talk to me." I took a sip of my drink."Yeah, yeah. So, you seen Bella?" I almost choked on my soda.I hated Bella.She's always sending Jake off. Even when we were kids. He'd actually cry when she left to go to the bathroom. I realized I took to long to answer the questions."Um, no. I didn't.""She lives here now." I mentally face plum myself."Fantastic.""What's wrong?" I panic."Nothing Jakey. Just tried."He didn't seem convinced, "Okay, get some sleep." I nodded, before realizing he can't see me."Okay,""Bye.""Bye bye." I hung up and sigh. I set the empty glass in the sink and laid on the couch.She better not hurt Jake again. Or she'll deal with me this time.I thought as my eyes drift off into a tiresome sleep.Ding.Dong.My eyes fluttered open as I forced myself off the couch. Rubbing my right eye as I opened the door...to see a whole bunch of tan, hot, muscular guys.I pointed to them, "Is this an early birthday present? " A familiar chuckle made me blush."No," Jake said, walking in my apartment without permission. "These are my friends. Guys, this is Aria. Aria, meet Jared, Embry, Seth, Quil, Collin, Brady and...Paul's not here." He muttered.I raised my eyebrows, "Paul? "Jared scoffed, "Probably with another girl.""Ah, so a man-whore?" The laughed."Something like that." I check them all and they were all hot! But, out of all of them, Seth was the most adorable one."You`re so adorable!" I squeezed his cheeks and gushed. The guys laughed as Seth blushed."AWWW!" They cooed."I remember babysitting you." I let go of his cheeks."Oh, yeah. You were the most awesomest babysitter ever. You always let me stay up past my bed time to watch Power Rangers." He smile.What can I say? On the inside of this hot bod, is a nerd.It`s true. When I was 10 years old and needed money to pay for my own phone, I`d babysit Seth when he was like 3.""I know. And now...wow." He blushed even more.What is in the water in La Push?They laughed. "But, seriously, what are you doing here?""Well, I saw the paint in your hand, so I thought you might need help. " I stretched and nodded. Leading them to my room as I headed to the bathroom. Brushing my teeth and taking a shower. As I just rinse out the orange scented conditioner out my hair, I heard a sound of glass breaking."Dammit, Quil!" Groaning, I stepped out the shower and wrapped a towel around me, not even caring if I still had suds on my back. I walked into the living room to see all the guys surrounding a clash of glass shattered on the floor. Jake looked very close to killing -I believe his name was Quil. Suddenly, another large guy walked in making the guys attention swarm around him. I looked at the guy to meet his nice, welcoming brown eyes.He froze and continued to stare at me. Feeling self-conscious, I coughed awkwardly making their eyes come on me. Quil wolf whistled and I swear I heard growling. The guy at the door was shaking badly. I felt the need to go comfort him. But, instead, he stormed out the room.I don't even know his name.Wow, just wow. Quil might just get murdered by Jake and Paul if he keeps acting like...Quil. Anyway, review and favorite. If you love this story. ~HatersGoing2Hate 
