A/N Hey Guys this is my take on Carlisle and Esme's story, I hope you enjoy it, I'd love to hear your thoughts on it, I hope you will favourite, follow, review and keep reading, Enjoy!Disclaimer: I do not own The Twilight Saga Stephenie Meyer does."When people are falling in love, they're not falling in love because of words People fall in love for huge, cosmic, unknowable, usable reasons."  Elizabeth Ann ReaserChapter 1 First sight 1911 3rd of DecemberI quickly glanced behind me to make sure that no one was watching me, even though they couldn't be as the door was shut. Realising this I turned back to the open window and jumped out. I smoothed my skirt and grabbed my book off the window ledge. As unladylike as it was, I found myself doing this quite often. I couldn't stay away from nature, I loved every aspect of it. I loved the feeling of my bare feet against the grass, another unladylike thing that my parents would never approve of. I never wore shoes on my ventures around the large farm, I'd rather feel the ground beneath my feet. I've never been caught either, I'm always careful to clean my feet before jumping back through window.I ran what would seem to be aimlessly away from the house, but I knew exactly where I was going. To my favourite tree, the one where I spend most of my time. I smiled as I ran with the wind blowing my hair, and breathing in the clean air. I'd always been that way, in love with the art in nature. That is truly what I believe nature is, the most beautiful kind of art. The beautiful mixtures of colours. The blue of the sky, the green of the grass, and the beautiful rainbows of different coloured flowers. Any painter would wish to have these enchanting colours on their palette.I could see the tree now, I spotted it easily. It's not that it stood out in anyway, it was just the way it and the other trees where placed, I easily memorised the formation they made. When I reached the tree I opened my book and hung it on a branch above me. I grabbed hold of one of the branches and started to climb up, another thing my parents wouldn't approve of. I've always had a hard time acting appropriately for a young lady.I climbed up the tree to the branch I had put my book on and sat on it. I looked up at the sky, there were storm clouds slowly moving in. I'll have long enough to read for a while before I have to get back. I picked the book up off the branch and started reading. It was Romeo and Juliet. I was so into my own world of reading I didn't realise that the clouds where now directly above me until it started raining.I looked up from my book, my clothes will be soaked before I can get home. I gently dropped my book to the ground started to climb down. I was trying to get down the tree in a rush and slipped. When I hit the ground I heard a sickening crack. I whimpered as pain shot through my leg. I tried to move it but it just made the pain worse, there was no getting home now. I grabbed my book that was on the ground next to me and gasped when I accidentally moved my leg.I sat there in pain as the rain soaked my clothes and hair. It started to get dark and I was getting worried. Then I heard the crunch of leaves, "Esme?" a man's voice called. "David!" I called back. He laughed a little and I spotted him running towards me. My Father hired David to work on the farm, he's the only one who knows about me coming to this spot."Why are you on the ground?" he asked slowing to a stride as he got closer. "I fell out of the tree, I think I broke my leg," I told him. "Well I was going to try and get you out of trouble but it's hard to get you out of that," he replied. I sighed, "They're mad?" "No, they're worried, but they will be mad," he told me. I sighed, "I hate to say this but I can't walk." He laughed, "You want me to carry you." "I don't want you too but I don't have a choice," I replied. He smirked and scooped me up, "Lose the grin, Father won't be happy about you carrying me." "He'll be happy that I stopped you from catching pneumonia," he replied.When we got back to the house David carried me inside and put me down on the couch. "Esme oh thank goodness where did you find her?" Mother asked him. "On the ground near some trees. She thinks she's broken her leg," he told her. "How on earth did you manage that?" Mother asked. "I fell out of a tree," I told her. "Esme what are you doing climbing trees?" she asked me. "I was reading," I told her and she looked at the book by my side."The doctor is out of town but another is coming," Father said walking into the room. Mother handed me a glass of water and it took a sip and then went to put it down, moving my leg and a searing pain shot through my leg again. Mother took the glass and put it on the coffee table. "How long until he gets here," I asked Father. "He said as soon as possible," he replied. "You shouldn't be climbing trees in the first place, it's not the proper way for a young lady to behave, what will the doctor think?" Mother scolded. Frankly I didn't care what the doctor thought as long as he made the pain in my leg go away.I sat there in pain until finally there was a knock on the door and I turned making me wince in pain. Father opened it and greeted the doctor, "She's just there, I'm afraid she might have caught a cold as well, she was out in the rain a while before we found her." "Poor girl," the doctor said in a smooth velvet voice. We locked eyes as he walked in. He had the most beautiful golden eyes. He put his medical bag on the floor beside me, "I'm Doctor Cullen, and you are?" he asked and I detected a hint of an English accent. I blushed, "Esme Platt." "Well Esme you think you've broken your leg, is this true?" he asked and I nodded. He was enchanting, something about him made him so... appealing. Sure it might have had something to do with his god like blonde hair or his unusually pale perfect skin, but whatever it was it made her forget the pain in her leg.I saw Father walked out of the room out of my eye. "May I," the doctor asked. I nodded and blushed again. He started to feel my leg and I notice the coldness of his hands. He was murmuring things like, "Does it hurt here. Here?" I answered with a shake of the head until he touched a certain spot and I winced. "Sorry," he said noticing my wince. I watched him examine the area so gently I could barely feel his touch. "I'm going to have to set in back into place," he told me. I nodded and watched as he took my leg into place and snapped it back into place. I whimpered at the pain, and a tear rolled down my cheek. I wiped it away embarrassed."You are very brave, I've seen grown men cry when I've set their legs," he told me quietly. I gave him a small smile, "Thank you." He smiled back and opened his bag, "How did you break your leg anyway?" I blushed, "I fell out of a tree." I could have sworn I heard him chuckle then. "Rescuing a kitten?" he asked jokingly as he took the things he needed out of his bag. "Reading a book," I replied. "What book?" he asked. "Romeo and Juliet," I replied. "Ah, that's a sad story you know," he told me. "I know, I've read it at least twelve times," I told him.He smiled, "You enjoy reading then?" he asked putting a cast on my leg. I nodded, "Very much so." He continued to put on my cast gently, "Does it too bad?" "No, it's bearable," I replied. He finished my cast so carefully that I barely felt it. "Thank you," I said quietly. "It was my pleasure," he replied packing up his things and putting them in his bags. I watched him curiously, "How long are you in town?" "Not long, I'm just passing through," he replied. He glanced at me and I saw something in his eyes, but I couldn't place what it was. Almost regret, more likely sympathy."How long until I can have the cast removed?" I asked. "About a month, assuming you take it easy," he replied looking at me pointedly. I looked down embarrassed, "I know, I shouldn't have been climbing a trees." He took my chin in his hands and gently tilted my head up so I had to look at him, "Esme one day a very lucky man will marry you, and you need to be in one piece for that to happen." I felt my cheeks heat up when he said that, blushing once again.He let go of my chin and looked away picking up his medical bag. "Done already Doctor?" my father asked walking back into the room. "It was just a simple break, if the pain gets to bad give her some pain killers," Doctor Cullen replied. "Thank you again," I said quietly. "It was no trouble at all. Take care Esme," he said. I watched a father thanked him and he left. I thought about what he had said and I knew I would never forget my encounter with the charming English Doctor.A/N I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and I would love to hear from you :)
