Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or its characters, Stephenie Meyer does. I do own the characters Ruby and Amber Brown, their parents, Phoebe Evans, Marlena, Alexis, Lous, Mr Devinton and the Volturi secretaries Nomi and Adrianna.Chapter 1 - Just Another DayRuby's POVIt was a last period on Friday and my class' attention span had reached a new low. While my history teacher, a conservative man in his mid-fifties, Mr. Devinton, desperately tried to explain the details of the treaty of Versailles to us, chaos was all around me. Paper planes polluted the thick air, and some of the popular girls were shooting selfies at the back of room. The boys tried to act all cool, leaned back in their chairs and listened to rap on their five-hundred-dollar phones. All in all, a day just like all its previous ones.Except it wasn't.Yes, it was Friday, and it was not exactly the surprise of the century that nobody was paying attention. Not that anybody ever payed attention in history except of me, but you know. Today was not just any friday. Today was the last friday of the school year."Kids! Kids! Would you please listen just one last time-" Mr Devinton began, but he was interrupted when Lous threw a paper plane at him."Nobody cares about what happened three hundred years ago, old man!" Lous yelled across the room and Marlena and Alexis exchanged their duck faces for full-face grins. Laughter errupted from all sides of the classroom and I rested my head on the once white plastic table, staring out of the window in an attempt to tune out.Mr Devinton, astonished as he was at Lous' spontaneous outburst, quickly caught himself again and tried to somehow carry on with the lesson. "Now, can anybody tell me what countries lost World War I?""You deaf or something?" Marlena added. "Lous already told you that nobody here gives a fuck about what happened some centuries ago! Ever heard about living in the present?"I turned my gaze back to the classroom. Mr Devinton was shooting Marlena an incredulous look, but she did not seem to mind in the least."Young lady, watch your language. And your attitude. Another outburst like this and I will send you to the principal's office. Same applies to you, Lous.""Whoo, whooo, old man. What are you gonna do about it? I'm just telling the truth, that's it, and you're umcomfortable with it." Alexis and Lous were giving her approving nodds. "Who cares about some shitty treaty? Only thing I care about is the holidays."Enough."Excuse me," I said in the most polite tone of voice I could manage. "But I wish to make a few corrections to your statement. First of all, only because you do not give a fuck about history, it does not mean that others don't, either. And it's hardly his fault if you're lacking empathy, is it?" Marlena's jaw dropped. "For the record, I care about the 'shitty' treaty of Versailles, you know. Oh, and Lous" I added, eyeing the blond, brown eyed boy. "The treaty was not signed three hundred years ago, but in 1919. So how many years was that ago?" He stared at me with dead eyes. I swear, if a fly would have flown into his mouth, he would not have noticed. "Thought you wouldn't know. Not the best in Mathematics, are we? 95 years ago. Think a little before you open your mouth the next time."Silence."Who do you think you are, bitch?" Alexis broke the silence. "You're dead."Just as I was about to give her some sarcastic reply, the gong went off and Marlena and her gang hastily packed their supplies into their Louis Vuitton Bags. Long ago had I given up asking myself the question why anybody would ever buy their teenager a three thousand dollar bag. I mean, that was as much as my parents earned in a month!Marlena, Alexis and Lous left the room first, and everybody else followed after them. Like wolves following their alphas, I thought and a smiled emerged my lips at the fitting comparison. Just as I was about to leave, too, the voice of my history teacher called me back."Ruby, is it?" I turned around and nodded."Ruby Jasmyne Brown.""Thank you, Ruby" he told me and smiled. "I know how hard it is at your age to stand up against the popular kiddos.""Don't worry about it." I replied. "It's not like I've got a reputation to lose, anyway. I've just been the weird outsider girl here for as long as I can remember.""I'm sorry 'bout that."I rolled my eyes. "Why do people always say they are sorry? It's hardly your fault, is it?"He shook his head."I don't mind, anyway. It's not like I'd want to be friends with Alexis or Marlena."Mr Devinton nodded sympathetically. "Just tell me one thing before I let you go into the last weekend before the holidays. Why?"Why? Question of my life.I shrugged. "Because I can't stand their unlogicalness, I guess." I grabbed my backpack. "Can I go now?""Of course. And have some nice holidays." He told me politely."Thank you" I said and closed the door behind me.Ten Minutes Later...I reached my room without running into any of the three people that were currently ruining my life. Thank God, I thought as I let myself fall onto my iron boarding school bed. God knew where they were at the moment, but once they were finished doing what they were doing, the real terror would begin.You see, by some twisted trick of fate, my home room teacher, Ms Witt, had suggested that none other than the devil herself, Marlena Canterbury, should share a room with me the past school year. Why? I did not know to this day, with only three more days of the year to go, including today. All I knew was that with that suggestion, Ms Witt had irreparably changed my life for the worse. Marlena, Alexis and Lous had made it their goal for the year to terrorize my life as much as possible. And it didn't exactly make things better that I could not do a single thing, even in my own room, without Marlena's evil comments.Why, you may ask yourself, was I worthy of being their victim? What qualified me for that position? It was more often than usual, lately, that I replayed the memory that had changed my entire life for the worse. It had taken place over eight years ago, now, but I still remembered every little detail, every little sound. As if it was burned permanently into my mind.I heard my sister take a deep breath. What was that for?, I wondered. "Ruby, I..." she began, but she suddenly fell silent when there was a knocking sound in the background. "Just a minute!" Amber yelled, her head turning away from the phone. I could barely hear her. "Now Ruby, I was going to say that-" But she did not come any further. There was a loud, sudden sound, comparable to that of a door being kicked open. Everything went very quickly from then. "Fuck" she whispered, and I grinned, imagining how Mom would scould her if she heard this. "Ruby, I love you" she said, a tone of the utmost desperation in her voice. The grin faded immediately. Then the phone flew through the air, and, from the sound, crashed into a wall. Hard. I backed away for a second. The sound hurt my ears. It was then, and eventhough the phone was no longer next to my ear, that the horrified scream of my beloved sister sent me into a state of panick and fear. It was like my most shocking nightmare had come true; only much, much worse. My sister was screaming in terror and I could not help her. In a dream, I could at least wake up. But this - this was reality. "No! NO! AMBER!" I screamed into the phone, tears streaming down my face. "Amber!" A few seconds after the screams had started, they died down. Was she...? No. It simply could not be. I heard the faint sound of a door opening, then closing in the background. I let out a sob. They're gone. She's gone.But I was mistaken. A deep, husky-like voice pulled me from my thoughts. "Your sister" it said, with a sadistic tone to it, seemingly enjoying every word and the damage it was doing. "is as good as dead. Forget her. This conversation never happened." Then the line went dead and I was left on the floor, sobbing. When I had told my parents, they laughed at me. They thought I was telling them a story. I yelled at them, tears streaming down my face, insisting I had told the truth. But they did not believe me. And they did not to this day.There had been no proof for my version of events. The unknown number that had called me had not been saved to my phone, by some weird coincidence. To Mom and Dad, this had only been proof that I had been lying. But I, I knew I had told the truth. It had just been too real for it to be a dream. Even if the evidence was against me.We had flown to Volterra the same day, the place were Amber had been scheduled to stay at with her friend, Phoebe, who had been found murdered in the forest two days earlier, and the tour guide. When we arrived, the tour guide was missing and nobody claimed to have seen an Amber Brown. Even the receptionist at the only hotel of the little Italian village had told us she had never seen her.We had returned home empty-handed and Amber had been declared missing. Even then, Mom and Dad thought what I had told them was nothing more than an attempt to gain their attention.I had changed after it had happened. For instance, I had become a vegetarian. Everybody I told the reason for this laughed at me, but... everytime I saw the meat lying on my plate, I heard my sister's desperate scream in my head. No matter how hard I tried - it was hindering me. But even more important, I had grown not to trust people. I told myself that people were just like Amber or my parents; eventually, they would either leave or misunderstand me.As a result of this philosophy, I did not even bother to talk to anybody. After all, all they would do was hurt me, not? Eventually, my parents worried enough to send me to a psychiatrist. I did not talk to her, too. She had long, ginger curls and wore a pair of brown horn glasses. Her name had been Dr. Rosenthal. Dr. Rosenthal convinced my parents that I had schizoid personality disorder and was simply not programmed to socialize. But I knew better.Sometimes, when I had enough of Dr. Rosenthal's diagnosis and its consequences, I talked to Mom and Dad, insisting there had been a call and that I wanted to talk to the police. Two years after the incident, they had enough of my begging and send me to the police station. The chief had listened to my statement silently, nodding at intervals. But when I had finished, he had asked the same question as my parents: Are you sure this really happened, Ruby Brown? He did not believe me, either.Nobody ever believed me. Four years ago, at ten, my parents sent me away to the same boarding school they had sent my sister to: Southham Grammar School, a little boarding school a few kilometers south of London. The kids were fine, but I had not even tried to gain friends. All that mattered to me -now and then- was my sister, and what had happened to her.Two years ago, puberty hit and my classmates started to get all hormonal and mean. In the summer holidays, I found Amber's diary in a drawer in her room. I secretly took it to school with me, knowing Mom would not approve. All these years, Mom has been quite the pessimist. The police has told us that we should not give up hope, that they were looking for her. After one year, though, Mom told us Amber was most likely dead, and we should get accustomed to the fact. Dad got accustomed to it just fine.I never did.Back at school, I read her diary and found how she was very like me, concerning her way of thinking and reacting to different situations. She was, too, logical, witty, but also shy and unpopular. And she had a friend - Phoebe Evans.I never had a friend.Over the lonely days I spent reading her diary, I told myself that she was my friend. Amber was just so alike me... and one day I would find her. She just could not be dead.At that time, Alexis, Marlena and Lous started bullying me because I was an outcast. I tried to ignore them - and at that time, I managed. But at times, when things got worse, I filled the empty back pages of my sister's diary with my own problems. In a way, it was like I was talking directly to her, and it really helped me.Then, at the beginning of this school year, I ran out of room and, when Marlena was at volleyball practice with Alexis, sat myself infront of the window of my room, lit up a candle and stared out into the dark while talking to my sister. My days were hell; but when I got to 'talk' with Amber in the afternoons, I was at peace.Only that that peace did not last forever. One day, volleyball practice was cancelled and Marlena and Alexis walked in on me. From that moment on, I was not known as Ruby anymore; I was now known as 'the dead girl', for talking to somebody who has probably already dead from all my classmates knew. For convenience, they shortened 'the dead girl' to 'dead girl', or simply 'DG'.Ladies and gentlemen, this is me: the girl that is so isolated, weird and dead on the inside that she is known as the dead girl.And this was just another day in my sad, little life.Please leave a review! This chapter is dedicated to Wersa12345, my best friend on here. You rock!
