DisclaimerI do not own twilight ."Tell me what I want to know and I might kill you quickly''the guy torturing me says.It takes all I have not to laugh. Him kill me? I'd like to see him try. The only reason I'm still tied to this chair is because I need to take out his boss. I have about thirty minutes more to wait before he gets here. How do I know this, you ask. Easy, right before I was going to break the chair and escape I overheard dummy here talking to his boss trying to convince him not to come and failing miserably. It was actually pretty funny listening to him beg for more time to "break me" as he put it. I can't wait to meet the guy that has eluded the FBI for years. Dummy looks like he is about to kill me when the door opens."Boss didn't think you would get here that quickly" dummy says before backing away from me."Glad I did will or I wouldn't have a person to interrogate" the boss says then turns to me and says "I hear you aren't cooperating little lady."I don't respond as I pull against my restraints and free myself grabbing him and snapping his neck after I'm done with him I turn to Will."Paybacks a bitch" I tell him before he falls to his knees in agony feeling like he's burning alive. After a couple seconds I snap his neck to. I look around the room finding all of my gear I had with me before I got captured. After I find everything I take a knife in each hand before I do a round house kick and break the door. The three men on the other side didn't expect me so I took them out in less than a minute. Now time to find a phone to check in since Will broke my communicator as soon as he saw it. Got one! I dial the number from memory."Sorry but the number," an automated voice starts."I'm agent Isabella Swan calling to check in," I interrupt before it can say another word."The recognition one moment please," it says before connecting me with my handler Hank."Bella where are you? Your tea is worried sick,""Sorry I got captured and had a chance to get Toni Gilson,""Did you get him?""Yes I snapped his neck. Can you send a cleaner crew while I run back to HQ?" I ask him tying my shoe."Of course. Are you sure you don't want a helicopter ride back?""Positive. Wouldn't want my team going crazy while I take my time getting there," I say imagining Jared destroying the training room because he was worried about me."Okay see you in a couple of minutes. Oh and by the way your in Alaska," hank tells me before hanging up. Yay Alaska. Wait aren't there veggie vampires around here? I hope I don't run across one of them I really don't want to explain what I am to them. I think all of this as I run out the door and head towards Phonix,Arizona. Oh I'm sorry but I got caught up in all the action. My name is Isabella Swan and I am a mix of supernatural awesomeness. I bet your wondering how, well my mom was a werewolf and my dad was a shape-shifter. One day I got bit by a vampire and for some reason I changed instead of dying. I have many abilities which include the ability to switch from my forms another is I'm immune to mind attacks. I'm princess of the voltori and work for the FBI in a special supernatural unit. Oh by the way I'm over five thousand years old.
