"Someday someone is going to look at you with a light in their eyes you've never seen, they'll look at you like you're everything they've been looking for their entire lives. WAIT FOR IT"PEPPERONI LOVEHAHAHA, so NOT funny...EPOV (Embry's POV)"Hell man, what was that for?" I said, rubbing the spot on my head where the Frisbee had hit me."Dunno, I'm bored," replied Collin searching for his annoying toy."I'M HUNGRY with capital H, where's Emily when you need her?" Seth said his stomach growling fiercely proving his point."Somewhere around Switzerland," Brady said yawning."Huh?" asked a dumbstruck Seth."Her honeymoon helloooooooooo, where you here for the wedding little pup?" I asked amused."SHUT UP EMBRY, you know you miss her just as much or at least your stomach does," Seth said, grinning deviously when my stomach complain angrily. Damn I was starving."OH EMILY WHY OH WHY DID YOU LEAVE US WITHOUT FOOD?!" Quill said in a dramatic way raising his hands which made us erupt in loud laughter. Yeah without food we were as useful as a toddler with a calculator.The front door cracked open and Jake came in followed by Paul, Jared and Leah. Since Sam went away with Emily after the wedding for their sweet honeymoon Jake was now the replacing Alpha of the pack, Jared was the second in command as usual and then came Paul, the third lieutenant. We were eight werewolves in total, but our pack was increasing by the end of the week since I knew Kenneth, my friend, was going to phase sometime around the end of the week."FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD," Paul said, growling."Not such luck doggy," Leah said, patting his shoulder annoying him further."You know you could be useful for once and cook something," he growled back at her."Kiss my ass Lahote," Leah said, slapping her ass with her left hand before disappearing into the kitchen.Paul started trembling, all of a sudden, we were all very used to his short temper tantrums by now. However, Jake reached him and placing his hand on his shoulder whispered something to him, "chill", I think he said, we couldn't disobey the Alpha's order so despite Paul's hatred stare his body start to relax slowly, the quiver fading away.The doorbell rang, making my ears hurt, why the fuck had Emily chosen the Santa Clauss Christmas tune? I watched my brothers clinging at their ears except for Seth, who was happily humming along the tune, FREAK. I stood up from my comfy place on the couch and marched to the entrance hall where I open the door to receive a smirking Kim."Hey Kimmie, just in time," I said, bending down and encircling her with my warm muscled arms, she hugged me back ignoring Jared's low growls and pulling away asked me."In time for what?""IN TIME TO COOK US SOME AWESOME DINNER," I said smirking widely.In a flash moment Jared shoved me out of the door and embraced Kim giving me a death stare."DON'T TALK TO HER LIKE THAT, SHE'S NOT YOUR FUCKING MAID!" He shouted at me while his hands curled up into fists and his eyes widened, his shape was trembling lightly.I back stepped putting my hands in front of me in a surrender position."Jared, he didn't mean it like that calm down," Kim said, grabbing one of his hands with her petite one making Jared's gaze fell upon her. As soon as he saw her all his wrath evaporated instantly, yeah the power of an imprint, not that I knew about it since I was imprint-free for the moment and enjoying every minute of it. Hell, I could date any woman I like, I was pretty much happy with my state. I couldn't think I could handle being all lovey dovey like Jake with his dear Nessie, or as whipped like Quill with his Claire-bear, not to even mention Sam, he was such a cheeseball around Emily it made me want to puke every time I see them together. Don't misunderstand, I was more than happy for him, but all that love and funny stuff in the air was just too much."Why don't we call Pizza Hut?" Jake said suddenly."YAYYYYYY PIZZA HUT! I want five large with pineapple and ham!" Seth said, grinning like a small kid on Christmas morning."Dude, that's just disgusting," I said smiling nonetheless."How would you know if you have never tasted them?"He said, poking his tongue out at me. Child."I want five large chocolate pizza with extra chocolate sauce," Collin said, god was he even hearing his words, chocolate pizza? These kids could eat anything I thought."I want five KINDER," Brady yelled from the yard."Kinder?" Kim asked, puzzled."Yeah, they are the ones with ketchup and chips on them" Jared explained."Kim and I want six large with cheddar cheese," Jared said smiling down at Kim."But sweetie, I don't think I can handle eating a whole pizza on my own," she said to him."Don't worry, there won't be any leftovers I can assure you," he said, giving her a peck on the cheek.Jake turned to look at me expecting my order."Just five of the normal type ones," I said shrugging."Add five with corn," Leah shouted from the kitchen."Ok, I think I got it all," Jake said, pulling out his cell phone to make the call."WAITTTTTTTTTTTT, I want five with extra pepperoni,"Paul yelled."Got it, five with pineapple and ham, five with chocolate and extra chocolate sauce, five Kinder,six with extra cheddar, five normal, five with corn, five with extra pepperoni and five with pepper, um guys if my maths doesn't suck we have a total of forty one large pizzas, start putting out some cash I'm not a bank you know," he said while calling Pizza Hut.We managed to raise just the exact amount of money, which was three hundred and fifty dollars. I didn't know how the hell we were going to manage, it was our first day without Emily and we had almost spent all our money on food, eating like we were back from war zone didn't help either, you know with a pack of werewolves and no food the situation could get really ugly. We needed a second Emily, but who would want to cook for eight desperate hungry wolves every day? EMILYYYY WHERE THE HELL ARE YOUUUUUUUUUU.PPOV (Paul's POV)I was dozing off stretched on the living room's couch thinking that if I didn't get my paws on a piece of food soon, I would transform myself in Hannibal Lecter for sure. Hell, I swear I saw my brothers as walking hotdogs. Mmm... hotdogs... I was mental and deep down I knew it, but I couldn't help it. Besides, the opera concerts my brother's stomachs were performing wasn't helping the case, just annoying me further if that was even possible. Only 15 more minutes for the delivery guy to appear.The doorbell rang making me jump all of a sudden and falling hard on the floor face down, my actions were followed by loud guffaws. I stared angrily at Brady and then at Collin daring them to laugh now, they stopped abruptly as soon as they saw my angry face. They knew better that to mess with me. Good. I love to intimidate people, it gave me power. I smiled to myself as I stood up from the floor, Jake had already open the door and was chatting with an awkward petite guy. I couldn't really see him since his face was screened from my view due to all the pizza boxes he was holding, poor guy I was pretty damn sure they didn't pay him enough for such a lame job. Whatever. FOOD'S HERE! I said to myself, grinning like a psycho as I approached Jake and start to pass the pizza boxes, sorting them out to their own corresponding owners. I passed Embry his five large normal pizzas and then bent down to retrieve my own with extra pepperoni just how I like them. I place them on the kitchen table and open one eagerly, my mouth watering instantly at the aroma. However, I flinched at what I found, these weren't my pepperoni pizzas, these were ordinary pizzas, no pepperoni at all. SAY WHATTT!? I looked around hoping to see someone with my pizzas, maybe there was a misunderstanding? Not suck luck. Everyone was already digging in their own pizzas with huge grins plastered all over their faces, a scowled formed on my face as I made my way back to the Hall with the pizzas in hand. Jake was about to pay the guy when I grabbed the money from his hand."WHAT THE HELL PAUL?!" Jake said, annoyed, I ignored him and turned to the petite guy with an ugly red cap that said PIZZA HUT, it covered all of his hair and part of his face. He wasn't watching me, he just regarded the floor awkwardly, I was just too damn mad to care."WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?" I said, opening one of the pizza boxes and almost stamping it into the kid's face."I ASKED FOR EXTRA PEPPERONI YOU MORON, IS IT TOO MUCH TO HAVE AN ORDER PLACE RIGHT?" I spat angrily at his face, my wrath was palpable, Jake gripped my shoulder hard making me step back."Calm down Paul, it isn't his fault," he said calmly."DON'T FUCKING TELL ME TO CALM DOWN, I HAD WAITED FOR ALMOST AN HOUR FOR THIS ASSHOLE TO BRING THE PIZZAS OVER HERE AND HE HAPPENS TO BRING ALL THE PIZZAS EXCEPT FROM MINE? YOU SUCK AT YOUR WORK. I DON'T KNOW WHY THE FUCK YOUR BOSS HIRED YOU, BUT HE'S OBVIOUSLY BLIND TO HIRE SUCH AN USELESS BRAT!" I shouted at him, making him flinch all of a sudden, he was terrified, my outburst left him shaking, his heart was thumping at record time, but I didn't care. Hell, I wanted him to be scared of me, nobody and I repeat nobody messes with PAUL LAHOTE'S FOOD, never."Um, I'm sorry?" the kid said in a croak broken voice, I realized he was at verge of tears, but I couldn't restrain from saying what I said next,"Oh well, I'm sorry too, but I won't be paying for this shit,"and to emphasize my point I took off the boy's cap and threw the cheesy pizza all over his head a smirk plastered on my face while doing so. However, the worst nightmare happened when the kid raised his watered eyes to meet mine and I realized I wasn't looking at a boy, but a teenage girl, her auburn hair was wild with curls, I had mistaken her for a guy because she had it hidden inside her cap. This wasn't what made my heart frozen in place, but her eyes. Her beautiful light blue translucent eyes pierced my soul. It was then that I realized what Jake had tried explaining to me about imprinting.It was as if nothing exited anymore, but her, she was the force pulling me to the earth, she was my gravity, she was my everything. I tried to say something to the embarrassed girl in front of me, but the words choked in my throat. The girl took off running then never looking back. I had scared the shit out of my imprint, I had embarrassed her, and worse of all I knew she hated my guts and was never ever going to talk to me again. I stayed frozen in place watching as she ran away from me leaving a greasy path on her way, fuck...FuCk...just FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKk...Like it so far? Please review :)
