I do not Own any character you have heard of, Stephanie Meyer does. I do however own anyone that you havent heard of.December 2004Running, running, running and more running had been my life for a long time.I wanted the running to end. I wanted to live in one place more then a few days. I wanted a home forever. A place to live and call home. But no, I will probably never be able to have a home. I was on the run because of my past. I had gone nearly all over the world running away from these people who wanted me because of my past.I had just escaped another encounter with the nomads. They are people like me sort of, who have no home. We nomads like to drift around. I didn't choose to be a nomad, it was forced upon me. So here I am running for my life. Running from four nomads who want to sell me to their master. You see Im wanted in many countries by many people. Im not a criminal of any sorts, Im just wanted.Ive been running for about 23 years. Why? you say!Well for you to understand my life, you will need to learn about me. So let me explain who I am!My name is Charlotte Ryan or CJ as I like to be known as, im obviously a female. I have honey brown hair and brown Eyes. I was born in America I dont know where but I was born to Charles and Amanda on september 18, 1951. Im the youngest of 4 girls. I have had a horrible life.In 1951 my mother died giving birth to me, she was age 29. In 1957 My father and two older sisters Rebecca, 17, and Elizabeth ,18, died from Influenza. I never spoke after the day they died.I dont remember much because I was 6. The day my father and sisters died, my sister Renee and I were sent to live with our grandfather, worst decision in the world. Renee was 16 and I, 6.I hated living with my grandfather. He treated me and Renee like slaves. He beat us all the time. I dont remember a day with him that I didnt get a beating or a morning waking up and finding a bruise. He loved having us in his home but we didnt. We tried running away a few times only to be caught by grandfathers friends. Every time we would run the beatings would get worse.When Renee turned 18 he began treating her like the married neighbours do, She would sleep in his bed, cook and clean. At night I could here her cry herself to sleep. I was 8 and couldnt do anything. I hated Hearing my sister cry.When I turned 9 and Renee 19, things took a dramatic change. I became very sick and I was told I was dieing from the Influenza that had taken over our town. My grandfather met a healing man and begged him to heal me because he couldnt bare to lose more of his beautiful girls. 'More like his punching bags'.The healing man did some mumbo jumbo with his hands and some sort of crazy talk. I remember after he had finished I didnt feel any different. My grandfather believing that it didnt work, took me to many healing men. One of them surely worked because I started getting better, really fast.Grandfather never let Renee or me leave. He didnt let Renee get married because he wanted her to himself. He would let me go to school and collect groceries but that was it. We were house bound punching bags.All of my sisters had hazel eyes and honey brown hair like me. We inherited our hair from our grandmother and father.Just before my 17th birthday my grandfather and sister were killed. They were shot in the head at home while I was attending school. Grandfather apparently had a gambling problem and owed alot of money. They took his life to clear the debt. Renee was an accident, she was in the way. I was really upset about my last living relative die. I still havent said anything at all. I was now free. I had taken the life savings Renee and I had collected along with the money from our parents deaths and headed to Australia to fulfill Renees dream. She wanted to see the Sydney harbour bridge and I would do it for her.On my 17 birthday I felt all tingly inside and blacked out for a few minutes but thought nothing of it. At this moment I wish I thought of what had happened and what I felt. It would have saved me alot of time. You see the day I turned 17 was the day I stopped aging.I stopped aging at the age of 17 in 1968, it is now the year 2005 and I still look the same as I did 37 years ago, a 17 year old.In sydney, australia, 1982, I encountered a group of 4 people, 2 males and 2 females. I had been walking down the street just passing under the Sydney Harbour Bridge when I encountered them. I remember the conversation clearly but not the features of the participants."Well, Hello there CJ!" One of the males said to me. I looked at him weary. I liked to be known as CJ."I know you can't talk so Ill just talk. You listen carefully." The same male says to me. I nod and watch cautiously."You're famous amoungst my friends, one of the leaders in our group had come to know of your ability to not age and we would like you to come with us." The other male explained. I remember looking between them all and then running off towards a group of people and disappearing into the crowd. Thats all I could remember of that day but from then on I have been on the run from them and their friends.After running for a while I had pieced together all the details. After piecing together all the information, I knew they were Vampires. I know how they didnt sleep, didnt eat, are cold as ice, dont sweat, dont age, skin hard as rock, run extremely fast and extremely strong. I also had a handy piece of information to escape them. Stand in an area of sunlight, the vampires sparkle and humans can see it. I had escaped many times by hiding in the middle of a sunny area with alot of people around. I had confirmed them being vampires, when I saw one of the people chasing me drink the blood of a young man but also I had bought a book about vampires and had read it.The myth of vampires is true but most of the things arnt. Like burning in the sun isnt real, turning into bats isnt real, sleeping in coffins ist real.Oh I forgot to mention a few details.My name is Charlotte Ryan Evanson, daughter of Charles Evanson Junior, grand daughter of Esme Anne Platt Evanson and Im on the run from vampires.CHARLOTTE 'CJ' EVANSON PORTRAYED BY LILLY COLLINSTWILIGHT CHARACTERS PORTRAYED BY THE MOVIE ACTORS AND ACTRESSESSo, What do you think?This story came to me when I was on my holiday, on a cruise that went from sydney to Isle of pines - Mystery Island - Port Vila - Lafou - Noumea before returning to sydney.More to come let me know what you think.READ AND REVIEW
