Hello! This is my new story, give it a go! It's a Paul imprint, in the past I have done a lot of Paul and Embry stories and so obviously I have a new one! I feel this one is going to be more 'intimiate' in terms of not as dramatic as say Just breathe or Nowhere left to run, I usually do stories with lots of leech drama and things so this one I think will have a lot more actual relationship focus and teen problems mixed with typical Paul and pack problems. Rated T but sometimes I do use the 'F' word, I try not to so much on T stories but pre warning it may be used here and there.So yeah, give it a read and let me know what you think! If it doesn't gain interest or look like people are reading then it won't continue, so if you are interested hit the follow button or if you're a guest leave a review!That Day Dreamer xI guess it's gonna have to hurt,I guess I'm gonna have to cry,And let go of some things I've loved,To get to the other sideI guess it's gonna break me down,Like falling when you try to flyIt's sad but sometimes moving on with the rest of your life,Starts with goodbyeStarts with goodbye  Carrie UnderwoodI stared out into the vast nothingness around me, it was pitch black out through the hard window I rested my head against. Nothing out there, not one cloud smothered my view. The soft music drummed in my ears and gave my body what it wanted, a beat to move to but I was confined to a tiny space and so I let my muscles twitch and my feet tap as I remembered the last dance my body had flown through. I hadn't danced since the day the 'incident' happened; I couldn't, not without her there watching me, encouraging me. I had no reason to dance anymore, I did it for her, I loved it too but she was the one who really loved it. My arm was nudged by the little boy curled up in the seat beside me and I shifted in my seat uncomfortably, it was horribly cramped but then it always was on these short haul flights. I hadn't slept a wink, I never could on planes; if I didn't have a comfy bed and a duvet then I didn't sleep. It was as simple as that.The music went on, drowning out the snores and coughs of the people around me. My chest was heavy with grief as I continued my journey carrying me further and further away from the place I called home, the place that had given me all these amazing memories and opportunities. I was going to make something of myself, I was going to do things with my life and make my mom proud of me. The pain in my chest clenched again and it felt like I was kicked in the gut as I thought of the woman I missed so much. She did everything for me; she never let me down, not until that day. She let me down that day; she broke her promise that day. One mistake, one glance at her phone and she was gone. She left me all alone, the one thing she told me she wouldn't do and she did it. And now three months after I stood on the street corner in the rain for two hours waiting for her, I was leaving and she wasn't there to come with me, or see me off.So now because of one mistake, one glance at her phone, one truck sliding into the side of her, I was sat alone on a red eye flight to Seattle being sent to live with the only living family I had left. My half brother, siblings thanks to one dead beat father that I had never met. I knew him, my brother Sam Uley, I had always known him. Our mothers thought it would be good for us to build a sibling bond, we had a relationship but I wouldn't say it was a close sibling bond. I spoke to him on average three times a month and we saw each other once a year. But all that was about to change because the family friends I had been staying with no could no longer accommodate the orphaned teenager they promised to look after.So here I was, Savannah Rae Uley, 17 years old and on her way to live with a brother she barely knew. Chicago was no longer my home, La Push Washington was.I heaved my big suitcase through the crowd of people, no one moved out of my way of course because that was too polite and no one here was polite obviously. No instead of moving for the small girl heaving a suitcase nearly half her size and twice her body weight they proceeded to shove me and knock me until I nearly ended up on the floor in a big heap.My music was still beating away in my ears, Iggy Azealia Bounce was playing and I had it turned up enough that I couldn't hear the obnoxiously loud chatter around me as I dragged myself through to the arrivals lounge of Seattle airport. It was too early to be this busy, it was 4am, nobody should be awake at this hour let alone shoving their way through an airport.Where was he? I scanned the crowd desperately looking for the gangly 20 year old I had seen last year, he had skipped our annual visit this year due to 'responsibilities' unknown to him that three months later he would have a new responsibility shoved on him in the form of a 17 year old with serious emotional issues. The last time I saw him he had longish hair, fairly slim and was maybe just under 6 ft, but I saw no one here of that description. Maybe he was late, or forgot. He probably forgot, I sulked toward the seating area preparing myself to wait however long it took for him to realise I was here but as I went a hand came down on my shoulder pulling me back."What the" I started but stopped as I turned around to be faced with a mammoth of a man, easily well over 6ft2 with the body structure that could only be described as a tree trunk. He was massive. But he was Sam. His body had changed but his face hadn't, he was every inch my brother as the gangly 20 year old was I saw last year. His mouth moved but I heard nothing, just the Pretty Reckless song that was playing in my ear. I tore the earpieces from my ears and smiled at him as much as I could. "Sam?""I've been trying to get your attention for ages, I was over there" His voice was low, manly, gruff, scary if it were a dark alley. "How are you? You look shattered" He offered me a small smile now and came in for a brief slightly awkward hug that I returned as best I could given the 5 bags hanging from me."I'm ok; I am shattered though I can never sleep on planes. You've changed a lot, you're huge" I couldn't stop myself, he was abnormally big. He laughed a little and nodded this awkward posture relaxing as he took various bags from their hanging places on my body."You haven't you're still tiny. Come on, my friend is waiting over here, pass me your suitcase" He held his hand out taking the heavy luggage from me, I rolled my eyes at the tiny comment, he was commenting on my height. He had always taken pleasure in how short I was. At 5'4 he towered over me, always had. I liked most things about myself except my height. One thing I was damn proud of was that I wasn't like the other stick thin dancers at my dance school, or the size zero girls at my normal school. I may be active and I may have used to do dance four times a week but I had an extra layer on me that the others didn't. I loved that my hips were straight, they had a curve to them, I loved that my ass was slightly out of proportion to my small body and I liked that I had a rack on me that my dance teacher had to stick into my tops at competitions. I would never be a stick thin girl, I was strong to an extent and I was toned in a way, but still. I ate what I wanted and I didn't bother looking at the calorie count. After all, what's the point in going through life unhappy and restricting yourself on what you can eat?Sam began pulling the suitcase with such ease you would think it was as light as a feather, I thought as a dancer I had some strength but obviously not as much as I thought. I followed him through the crowd until we reached the edge of the airport lounge beside where the door led, I could feel the fresh air hitting me and I craved for it. I had been in airports, bus stations and taxi's for well over 15 hours now. I needed air. "Savannah, this is my friend Jared, this is my sister Savannah" Sam broke through the little love affair I was having with the fresh air and I looked up to smile at the guy, I couldn't though. He was just as big, just as tall and fairly handsome; he took me a little by surprise. The sheer size of him was enough to halt me, then to chuck in his good looks just threw me even more."Hey, it's nice to meet you. Sam's told us a lot about you" He smiled and offered his hand to me which I took slowly, but quickly dropped. He was scorching hot to touch yet he looked perfectly healthy. I gave him a short smile and a quick nod before realising what he said."Us?"He smiled again and nodded as he took the piles of bags from my shoulder. "Yeah, all the guys, they are dying to meet you" And as if it were the most normal thing to throw the words 'all the guys' at a 17 year old girl he walked out through the doors and into the early morning. Guys, as in plural. I wasn't good around groups of people let alone groups of just guys. Sam hung back to walk beside me and smiled down at me, it was a sad smile."I know this isn't what you wanted, to come and live with me and everything that happened but I'll try do what I can to make it like home for you. And don't look so worried, the guys are fine they don't bite" He snorted a little at the end as if he found what he said highly amusing."I know you will Sam, I know and I appreciate you having me" I ignored the guys comment; I didn't want to focus on that. Right now I needed to build this sibling bond my mother always went on about."Wouldn't have it any other way, now let's get you home so you can sleep and eat"Home, home was thousands of miles from here in a little house in the suburbs of Chicago. To go home was to turn around and make the long trip I had just made, but I guess I needed to try and give La Push a chance because Chicago was a distant memory now, a place that only existed in my dreams. I had to move on, to say goodbye to that place and that dream. La Push, it had a pretty name. Maybe this would be better than Chicago, maybe.
