A/N- Hello, after much thought I decided to make the story better and I hope you still read it and love it. I would love to know what you think.Disclaimer- I do not own Twilight and I never will. JPOV Today was the day that I wasn't looking forward to greatly but was sort of trying to enjoy. It was going too made even more interesting by the new girl that was in town, Isabella Swan. Her father had been up a couple times since he heard she was coming, asking if we'd look out for her, apparently we knew what it was like to be outsiders, and only we knew the reason why we were outsiders, Carlisle and Esme had agreed, they thought it would be fun if we had at least one friend.While I was waiting for everyone to get ready I thought of the time that Charlie came to tell us about her.Flashback. We all heard the same thing. A car coming up towards the house. Everyone other than Carlisle was here and we all knew that Carlisle would not be back till about midnight. We were all curious and whoever it was seemed to be out of reach to Edward's mindreading. He hating it when someone slipped past him. We all sat patiently for the car to actually get to us. Obviously whoever was coming to see us was a perfectly safe driver.The car pulled up where the steps up to our house started. Esme being a nice woman went to the door to save one of us having any temptation. Edward still didn't know who it was because his tricks still didn't work. He was going to start sulking sooner or later. Alice shuffled up to him and snuggled into him. It was still hard accepting them as a couple but the happiness radiating off her made me feel slightly better about her leaving.I heard Esme open the door and beginning speaking. They were outside so we couldn't clearly hear what she was saying. But I could then hear footsteps and smell human blood. Rose was sitting next to me and Emmett edged closer iin case I lost it. I hadn't had an accident in ages but there was always the chance that I could slip up."Children, this is the Chief of Police, Charlie Swan. He's just come up because his daughter Isabella is moving up to Forks. She is apparently quiet shy and Charlie was jus wondering whether you would mind looking after her while she is settling in. You know what it is like to be new and trying to fit in. You don't mind doing this small little thing to do?"We all looked at each other then smiled at her and Charlie. "That's sorted then. They'll meet Bella at your house when we know when she is coming. It was nice seeing you Charlie".He shook her hand and left.End of Flashback.BPOVIt was my first day at the school, I had my bag ready and I was sitting in the kitchen thinking of the many things that could go wrong. I shouldn't think like that but it was how I felt. I never fitted in anywhere and I had a feeling that this place wasn't going to be any different. I was glad Charlie had gone because he would just tell me that everything was perfectly fine and to just get on with it.I stopped, I was meant to think of all the good things. I had the place to myself, it was about 7 am and I'd had breakfast and was short of things to do. I knew for a fact it was way too early to be at school, that was it, I was going to have a shower. That would calm me down quiet considerably. When I stepped out I was still smelling the sweet strawberry shampoo that I absolutely loved. I stood in front of the wardrobe not knowing what I should wear and what would look appropriate. There was a sharp knock on the door and I had to decide quickly if I didn't want to be left behind. I chose a simple black top with blue skinny jeans and my flat black boots. I didn't normally look so drab but I didn't have time to change now.I shoved all my makeup into my bag and rushed downstairs to grab my bag and leave. I swung to door open to see the most gorgeous specimen of a person standing waiting for me. "Um, hi. Sorry I took so long, I didn't think it'd take me so long to decide upon an outfit. Now I'm rambling. I'm Bella. My dad told me that you are going to look after me for a few days while I try to fit in".I couldn't believe that I just stood here rambling and didn't let him get a word in edgeways. He smiled at me and just led me to a car.JPOVI decided not to try and start a conversation on her doorstep so once she had locked the door I led her to the car that I was sharing with Emmett and Rose. Rose was sitting in the same place as when I left but instead of staring out the window, she was looking into a compact mirror adjusting her makeup. We kept telling that she didn't need it as she was a gorgeous vampire but she like dazzling the humans.Bella got in the back with Rose and before I had time to reply tour conversation on the doorstep, she was already talking to Rose. "Um, Hi, I'm Bella, you are?" she was trying to very polite and I assumed that she wasn't like this all the time but probably a little less formal. "I'm Rose. I'm Jasper's sister. It's nice to meet you at least. Charlie has told us so much about you". She started blushing and got all shy on us. She would have to get over that with us."Rose, do you mind if I borrow that mirror. I don't believe that I have put mine in my makeup bag ad I would like to get to school and look respectable". I could tell that her and Rose were going to be amazing friends because I could feel a gleam off her. "Would you like me to do your makeup? I can try and help if you would like". She nodded and Rose plunged into her makeup bag.By the time that we all got to school, Bella was transformed. Her hair was neatly French plaited and her makeup smouldering. We would have to try and have a conversation when we were together later.APOVEdward had disturbed me, I was thinking about Jasper. He was taking responsibility for Bella and himself, Rose and Emmett were going to look after them. I didn't know why he didn't want me around. We hadn't been close since I left him for Edward but he didn't seem to care as much as he did back then. "Ali". Edward knew that I hated being called that but he continued to do it even though I didn't like it. "Yes love, what's the matter". I had to keep the pretence up, "I saw what you were thinking, and it made you upset by the look of it, you left him, and don't worry about him". I swallowed, I didn't need to care, I left him, I broke his heart, I should be happy that he's going to find someone.We got out of the car at the time the others pulled up with Bella. I could tell that Rose had done her makeup because it was so precise and so good that she could never have done it. I walked up to her with Edward in tow. "I'm Alice and this is Edward. It's so nice to finally meet you".She just smiled and looked to Jasper as if he could help her. I wasn't trying to make her feel uncomfortable but I couldn't help it. I didn't like her and how close I could see her getting to Jasper. Edward hissed in my ear and I stopped my train of though. Of course I should like her, or at least try. She was going to make his life better."Come on Bella, we had better get you to reception to pick up your timetable". Jasper had to interrupt but I was glad I didn't have to be nice anymore.
