Emmett held a sobbing Rosalie to his chest whispering words of comfort in to her ear as the rest of the family sat around the large study area waiting to hear the story that had been kept a secret for so long.Rosalie had been part of the family for 3 years now and around 1 year ago she changed. She used to be a bubbly, confident woman who enjoyed the party scene and shopping endlessly using the money gained from her personal shopping job in Bloomingdales. We all knew something happened around a year ago which caused her change in behavior but a recent discovery has meant there is now a need to open up to the family about it.Carlisle and Esme sat on the love seat opposite the one on which Emmett and Rosalie were seated. Carlisle's face remained hard as he looked around the room at his family. He knew the family had made some enemies but to see one young girl completely heartbroken caused him to become filled with rage at what could have possibly happened. Esme sat clinging to her husband as silent tears streamed down her face a Rosalie became more and more inconsolable wanting desperately to help her daughter in law. She knew the decision to help would be made by her eldest son, Edward, who had recently taken over the family business as he became of age. She turned her gaze to the third love seat where Jasper and Edward sat with Alice curled in between them clinging tightly to both the hand of her brother and husband in despair.Alice wasn't really involved in the day to day running of the Cullen family business but worked with the legitimate businesses the family owned. She made sure if there were any problems in any of the hotels and clubs the managers would feed the information to herself and she would then pass this to her father of Edward. Alice watched Rosalie and her out of character behavior threw her as usually despite her recent change in personality Rosalie was considered a strong woman.Jasper  Alice's husband  joined the family 3 years ago when Alice turned 19 and married Jasper who she claimed to be her soul mate. Jasper was a man who could sense another persons feelings. He had a knack of reading both people and body language which led him to become a very respected member of the family and led him to become one of two men Edward had chosen to have his back at all times.The other man to be so close to Edward was Emmett, Edward's younger brother. Emmett took his job seriously but found it hard to work under pressure with decision making and leadership. He preferred to be led so when his older brother took the place of the head of the family there were no hard feelings towards him. Emmett was a jokester in the family and a teddy bear but Rosalie was a weakness for him. He loved her and tried to ensure his happiness so the last year had been hard for him as he watched his beautiful wife become a shell of herself.Finally, sat Edward holding his sister to his side and she sobbed openly for the woman they all saw as their sister. He and Rosalie had a relationship just as strong as he and Alice so watching the girl so distraught made his heart pound and his fists clench which was the only physical sign of his feelings."Rose" he said quietly in the almost silent room and watched as every head turned to face him, taking note of his commanding behavior and tone "You need to tell us what has you so upset. we can help you with anything you need. Please just tell us what is plaguing you"Rose nodded her head and steeled herself to tell her tale. She respected Edward greatly and loved him like her brother so she knew whatever he could do, he would."As you all know, last year I began to change in myself. I can see it now and I want help to get back to the person I used to be" she whispered "I think I need to do this by opening up to you all and seeking help for the guilt I feel""Last year, I'd been walking home from a club whilst Emmett was out of town. I was sick of having a bodyguard and still didn't understand the need when I could take care of myself. I was walking past an alley towards home when I was pulled in to it and pushed against a wall with the body of a male pressing in to me and a hand over my mouth.""I remembered them all talking about how pretty I was and how I'd bring in so much money for them. I still don't know if they were talking about working on the streets or even selling me. I watched person after person walk down the street past the opening to the alley as a guy told them to keep walking and flashed them his gun. I was sure I was done for and tried to struggle until I heard a noise. A small figure saw what was happening and despite the fact they were only about 5'2 max she flew past the guy and towards us. It turned out it was a girl in pale blue scrubs and she flew at the guy causing him to drop to the floor as the impact she made shocked him. All the men including the one from the opening charged at her to try and grab her. She was a feisty little thing" she chuckled mirthlessly, shaking her head as more tears fell."Two of the guys held her on either side, pushing her up against their car as the third punched her square in the mouth. They started to tell her that she'd be going with them now she'd does as she was told or they'd kill her family. I managed to kick of my shoes and pull myself from the floor where I landed when the girl had charged at him. I began to advance towards them but her head snapped up and her pleading gaze met mine. I couldn't just leave her Edward, I had to help so I ran towards them but one of them threw me off and I hit the wall. I blacked out when my head cracked off the wall and the last thing I heard was the girl shout for help and then a scream. When I came to I was in hospital. My brother had been at the club and had seen me leave alone so he'd followed."The girl began full on sobbing now and Emmett was finding it hard to calm her so Edward raised from love seat and crouched in front of her taking her hands in his "Come on Rose, I know it's hard but you need to get it out. You need to tell us everything before we can help"Rose began to brush away her tears once again and clutched his hands tightly as she burrowed herself further in to Emmett's embrace "When my brother got there I was out cold and they were just trying to get me to the car. He didn't noticed another girl so they must've already had her in. He got in a fight with them and the guy managed to get away. Royce called my dad and the cops and explained the whole thing. They both checked the alley where we'd been but there wasn't any sign of anything. He thought I'd imagined her.""I feel so guilty for not doing anything for the girl. She'd risked her life to help me and obviously spent her days helping people too judging by her uniform. Her big brown eyes pleading with me to run haunt me when I go to sleep Edward." she wailed as he pulled her in to a hug attempting to sooth her with a slight rocking motion."It's okay Rose. I understand it must have been hard for you to go through that. We can get you anything you want, counseling, more security anything. Just tell us what you need" Edward answered her firmly, showing her he would help however he could but she knew her request was not so easy."I don't think I need counseling or security" she whispered to him."So what is it you need Rose? I want to help you. Please" he practically begged her which was completely out of character for him but he couldn't stand to see her this way."I need you to find my best friend" she replied in a very confident manner."What?" Edward asked, taken aback as this wasn't what he was expecting "Why now Rose if this happened a year ago?""I'm worried about her Ed. Please. My family were all she had left apart from her dick of a father.""Okaydo you have any idea where she could be?" he asked softly, realizing this was important to her.She shook her head sadly "No, I rang her old house and there's a new family live there. Her dad shot himself and she disappeared after talking to the police. I rang the station and they knew how close we were and told me she went on to university. When I rang the university she attended they told me she took a job right here in Chicago, Edward. No more than 2 years ago and now she's a missing person!"Edward stood and he felt for her and tried to decide how to find this girl "Who reported her missing Rose?""Her manager at the hospital rang the police after not hearing from her for a few days. The cops looked in to it and he apartment was apparently completely wiped out. They reckon she just upped and moved state but it's not like her Edward. I promise you. She hates letting people down.""Are you sure Rose? Maybe she just didn't like it here honey" Esme whispered."No, I'm serious Esme. She'd at least tell them she was leaving""Why are you so worried now Rose?" Alice asked cautiously as she moved to her side to comfort her, Edward still remaining quiet."I know I might sound paranoid Edward. I know I must but I've been having nightmares and when I turn to look at the girl. It's her, I never thought about it before because the last time I saw her she must've been about 18 but I mean that was 5 years ago. You know how women change but I swear those eyes were her""Where's your hometown again Rose?" Edward asked, drawing a blank on the history of his sister in law."Forks" she replied steadily now "Forks, Washington. My dad moved us here when he became head of the family after grandpa died"He was watching her now, things from the past hitting him with pain, regret and loneliness. The girl with brown eyes could be anyone but only one girl with big brown eyes swam in his vision."What did you say her name was Rose?" he asked her through gritted teeth, trying to bury his past once more.The room silenced after Rosalie's reply except for loud gasps from the family and a growl involuntarily ripping from his throat as he spun in her direction."Isabella, Isabella Swan"
