Disclaimer :- I do not own Twilight, or anything Twilight related, that all belongs to Stephanie MeyerI do, however, own this completely kick-ass story! Hi guys, so here is my shot at a new storyI don't have it all completely written out, in fact it's a chapter at a time, but if I have any little brain nuggets in between the beginning and the end, then I have the room to try to fit them in. So, I hope you enjoy, and please let me know how I'm doing! Enjoy! Chapter 1...BPOVI could feel it - wet and hot. I felt dirty, like I was unclean and infected. I felt sick. The air around me was getting thicker. Denser. I couldn't feel my legs or my arms. I felt completely powerless. My head was fuzzy and my limbs felt like lead weights. "I hate you so much Bella...I despise everything about you..." The footsteps were getting closer and closer again..."This is what you can call your payback, you nasty, vindictive little..."Beep! - Beep! - Beep!My alarm pulled me out of my unsettled slumber and brought me back to reality. And I couldn't have been happier. The familiar feel of my sweat covered body tells me that it had been the same sickening dream, closing towards the same sickening ending - had my alarm not gone off, Jackson would probably be shaking me awake again.Not feeling like moving, but knowing I would have to, I threw off my duvet before I had chance to change my mind. Yep, I'm always my own worst enemy. Feeling the cold morning air setting my whole body alight, I swung my legs out and padded across the laminate floor to my window. Throwing open the heavy curtains, a beautiful sight lay before me, and yet it didn't completely take away the ache in my heart from my haunting dream. I turned and made my way through the to the kitchen.I flicked the kettle on, and found a cup in the 'Kitchen' box, before also digging out a spoon and the teabags. Jackson had stocked me up the night before, adding milk to my fridge. He knew I couldn't function without a cup of tea in the morning.As I sat on one of the stools that came almost to my waist, I looked around and sighed. This place felt different - this one actually felt like a new start. I thought about all of the horrible things we had now left in the past - yep, I also liked to mentally torture myself too - and of all of the wonderful things that we could do in this amazing city. New York City - our new home!"Bella?" The strong voice came from down the hall. The familiar sound making my heart warm and I felt instantly safe."In the kitchen" I called back, as I hopped off the stool and quickly rinsed out my cup, before putting it on the drainer."Hey! There you are" Jackson stood in the doorway of the kitchen, arms folded, leaning his shoulder against the door frame. He looked pretty hot in his jeans and black fitted t-shirt. Teamed with his jet black hair and all-American boy-next-door good looks, he was a winner in any same girl's book. Unfortunately, the thought also grossed me out at the same time, and I silently face-palmed myself for even letting my mind wander there. If he wasn't like a big brother to me, I may actually fancy him - but he is, and so therefore, I don't! And I just proved that to myself by being stood in the middle of my kitchen in a tank top and shorts bed set in front of him, and not batting an eyelash."So, what's the plan for today?""Well, I was hoping to get the rooms secure today, if you wouldn't mind? It shouldn't take long, the security company who installed everything are the best in town I hear" and I laughed at my own sad excuse for a joke."Please don't tell me that it's Swan Securities...I've heard really terrible things about them you know"I tried to keep my face straight. "Oh really? What have you heard?"He used his most innocent of faces before he answered. "Well, rumour has it that they are a bunch of cowboys...their work is really shoddy...and you want to hear the worst part? Their boss is totally useless at her job. Always slacking off and cavorting with the male staff. It's disgraceful really!" He did well keeping it so together throughout his little speech, but lost bonus points for cracking up before finishing the end.His laughing mirrored my own, and I thought on how I love these times with Jackson. It just reminded me what a special person he truly is."Well, I'll be sure to be having a word with her next time I use them for work" I assured him. "Oh, can you also please check that the cameras are ready to roll? I don't want to take any chances" I finished somewhat seriously."Of course Bella, no worries" and I really didn't. Not when Jackson was around. He was my safety net. "I was thinking that I could take you to lunch later too? I ran past a great little place on my jogging route this morning...call it a 'welcome to the neighbourhood' lunch" he smiled."But you are new to the neighbourhood too...how can you be welcoming me to it?" I laughed"Well, OK then, it can be a 'welcome to the neighbourhood' lunch for both of us then"I laughed again, this time at his floored logic, and upbeat attitude. How could I possibly resist?"Yeah, sure. That sounds good. But right now, I'm going to take a shower and get changed, then I'm going to get started on Bree's room. I want her stuff to be unpacked and ready by the time she arrives tomorrow" I said excitedly. "If none of the rest of the apartment is finished, at least she will have her room to hang out in"He nodded quickly, and grabbed a box of surveillance equipment, heading in the opposite direction.Running to the bathroom, I showered quickly, not really bothering to let the hot water unwind me after that stressful dream. Once I was done, I made my way into my room, dressing in a vest top, old battered jeans and slipped into my converse. Tying my hair into a loose and messy bun, I made work on Bree's boxes of belongings. They were covered in stickers, and glitter and drawings, and I smiled, remembering how I watched her excitedly decorate her own personal moving boxes. Yes, she liked to make things her own, that girl!I made up her bed, which Jackson had put together for me, and hung up her clothes in her new wardrobe - which Jackson also assembled. I had assured him that I was more than capable of knocking together a few bits of wood, but Jackson being the man that he was said that there is no way on Earth a lady is doing DIY whilst he is around. I think I may have to keep this man forever!All of Bree's teddies had been bunched together at the foot of her bed, and her white furry rug looked so snug and comfortable. It had taken me forever to hang up all of her clothes too - that girl has far too many dresses, it was crazy. Note to self - send half of our clothes to Goodwill, then we may actually have room to breathe! The baby pink curtains hung against the window, overlooking Central Park. When I bought the apartment, I knew I wanted one overlooking the park - and obviously money was not a problem. It was such a beautiful and wonderful place. I know Bree would just love being able to take strolls in there, or have a picnic, or even ice skate.I could feel myself getting excited about our future together- Bree and I needed a new start and New York had good vibes. And, speaking of Bree, I was also getting nervous and anxious...I pulled out my phone and dialled Rose's number - well, I say dialled, I actually have her, Jackson, Jasper and Jake on speed dial - you know, just in case...Four rings...five rings...six..."Hello?""Rose! Where have you been? What took you so long?" I panicked. "Is everything alright? Is Bree...""Whoa! Bella, calm down! You are seriously going to go grey if you are not careful""Very funny" I said, without a trace of humour, "Is Bree ok?"She sighed. "Yes, she's fine. She always is with us honey, you know that""I know, I'm sorry. I just...""Hey", she cut across, "It's ok. We understand, both of us. Jasper and I come to expect you to be a little crazy where Bree is concerned. You have been since she was a baby. Don't worry, we will be there by lunchtime tomorrow sweetheart""Thanks Rose. I really appreciate you and Jazz more than I can tell you. You have no idea""Oh, I think we do...after all, you have booked us into the Four Seasons tonight. You really didn't have to do that you know Bella"Now it was my turn to sigh. "Yes, I did, and you know one of the main reasons why too. Listen, would you put Bree on please?""Yep, just a moment...ok, go!"I took a deep breath. "Hey baby, it's me. I sure do miss you, so hurry over here, ok? I've just put your room together, and you are going to love it. You can see the park, and everything. And we have a huge apartment, so we can play games and have sleepovers with Rose, and do whatever you want. Does that sound good? So, you just be a good girl for Aunt Rose and Uncle Jasper, and i'll see you tomorrow, ok Angel? I love you Bree". A tear slipped down my cheek, as I thought of my little darling. She was my everything. My whole world."Hey, it's me babe" came Jasper's beautiful Southern drawl. "You ok?""Yeah, I'm just being a stupid, emotional, hormonal woman" and I laughed a little, to break off my tension. "Is Bree still there?""No, she's waiting in line with Rose. I think she's ordered the entire menu" he laughed. "I swear, that kid has hollow legs. I've never seen anyone that little, eat so much". I laughed at his very accurate observation - Bree could eat so much for someone so small - and I made a mental note to stock up the fridge and cupboards before they arrive tomorrow. "And, are you sure you don't mind Rose and I staying with you guys for a few weeks, just until we get an apartment sorted?""Jazz, I would have you both living with us permanently if I thought I had any chance of talking you both into it. You know that. You have done more for Bree and I than I could ever say - I would be honoured to have you both" I said sincerely. I owed this man so much more than just an apartment. But obviously the Whitlock-Hales would not accept my gift of an apartment - even though I had offered to buy them one each as a thank you for all they have done over the years. But no, no dice!"Well, you know you mean so much to us too, darlin'. Dang, we are even moving to the Big Apple to be with you two, so don't think you are getting rid of us in a hurry" he chuckled to himself. "Anyway, we got to go, our food has just arrived""Ok, well, let me know when you arrive at the hotel, ok?" I asked."Sure thing Bella""And drive safe?""I always do" he sang at me."And, remember - don't stop anywhere that isn't a public place...""Bella, relax ok? We will be in New York by tomorrow, and you will be wanting rid of us before you know it". The line went silent for a brief second. "You will always have us in your life darlin', but you need to live it too! You spend too much time on controlling everything around you, that you let opportunities pass you by. And you know I'm telling you this because I love you, don't you?""I know Jazz, I know" I sighed, defeated."Good. Now, get off the line, and make sure my room is ready for when I get there woman!" he joked.Now it was my turn to laugh. And, throughout everything, Jasper and Rose have always made me smile when I needed them to. "Of course Sir" I giggled. "And will you be needing me to get you anything else whilst I'm at it?""Well, now you come to mention it, I guess I could use a woman or two ready and waiting for me in my bed - you know, to pass the time with...Ouch! Ok ok, I'm sorry. I'll behave, I promise!" he laughed."Rose?" I asked, trying to keep my giggles in. I suspected Rosalie has slapped him across the back of the head again, as she usually did. Jasper had a cheeky way about him, and Rose quite often kept him in line. That just spurred him on more."No, actually that one was Bree". His chuckle was filled with so much love and affection, that anyone would have a hard time believing Bree was not Jasper's own daughter. I know he would do anything for my little angel. "Ok, I'm really going now because Bree has started on the food and if I don't get off soon, there will be nothing left" he teased. I could just picture her perfect little face, sticking her tongue out at him playfully. "...but stay safe, and we will be there real soon, ok?""Ok. I love you""Love you too beautiful" and he hung up.As soon as I put my phone down, I could feel the loneliness and anxiety creeping in again. My chest began to feel tight, and I could hear my heart thumping in my ears..."Bella?", said Jackson from in the doorway.I turned to look at him, a little light-headed. "Hey, sorry. I was just..." I trailed off. He didn't need an explanation. He knew what I was like by now."Is everything ok with Bree?". His eyebrows pulled together in concern. I hated making him worry - even if it was his job to look after us both."Yeah, they just stopped off for something to eat, before heading to the hotel" I said, getting up and making my way over to the door. "And speaking of food, I'm starving. How about we leave all of this stuff for now, and go to that place you told me about?""Definitely". Jackson's enthusiasm for food was like nothing I had ever seen before. He bolted for he door like a dog eager to go for a walk. Sometimes that guy made me smile, without even knowing it.~~~x~~~x~~~x~~~As we sat in the booth at the back, I relaxed into my seat and sighed."You ok Bella?" and his soulful brown eyes roamed my face."Yes, I'm fine thanks. Just thinking about everything we have to do before Bree, Jasper and Rose arrive tomorrow"I just couldn't stop the nagging feeling that I was missing something."Well, her room is pretty much done and the CCTV and surveillance systems are now in place and fully operational...""And what about the other things?" I said hurriedly in hushed tones."They are out of sight, but secure. Right where you need them" he replied, formally."Good. And thank you again Jacks. I really appreciate you being here with us, you know"He smiled at me, and for a moment, I remembered all of those times so long ago when we were both so carefree and young. Although, despite our pasts, he will always be a sort of big brother to me, as well as my bodyguard / DIY man / errand boy!"And thank you for the apartment suite. You really didn't have to buy me an apartme...""I did it because I wanted to" I cut across, silencing him. "And I wouldn't have taken no for an answer. You have done so much for Bree and I - well, if I'm honest, I have no idea where we would both be without you, Jasper, Rose and Jake. I should be buying you a freaking castle, the amount you have done for us!". I raised my eyebrows, just for a little extra emphasis."Nah, a big castle would take too much cleaning" he laughed. "The apartment is just swell. And besides, I love you guys like my own. This is more than just a job to me. You are Charlie Swan's daughter and that makes you family in my eyes. I just hope I'm looking after you and protecting you the way that he would have done".He fiddled with the corner of his napkin, rolling up the sides. His eyes trained on the green cloth in front of him held so much sadness and loss. I'm sure my own mirrored what I saw in him. It was a loss for us all. A greater loss than I would ever have thought.It warmed my heart to hear him speak of my Dad that way though. It had been so long since Jackson had spoken of him and I know it was because it was just too hard."He would be so very proud of you, and thankful of the wonderful job you are doing, and have always done" I said, reaching across the table, and squeezing his hand gently, as our waitress arrived to take our orders.I ordered a simple chicken Caesar salad, and Jackson ordered the 'surf and turf', with 2 cokes.I noticed though, that for a guy whose job it was to keep his eyes and ears open for everything and anything - he was currently avoiding eye contact with our extremely pretty waitress, Angela. His fingers drummed lightly on his thighs, as he bounced his right leg a little.Ok, this is really odd behaviour for someone whose brain has trouble distinguishing between when he was and wasn't on the job.As Angela thanked us, and retreated with the menus to the back of the restaurant, it hit me like a bulldozer. "Oh my gosh! You have a crush!" I said a little more loudly and animated than I had intended, judging by his beetroot colour and shocked expression. He looked like a damn sunburnt fish! "Sorry..." I whispered, "But you do! And Jacks, you need to close your mouth too!" I giggled. Yeah, I love to just point out the obvious, embarrassment be damned!He said nothing. "Ok ok, I get it" and I held up my hands in front of me, defensively. "I'm just saying that you live here now. You will be eating in here more than once" I sang at him, whilst waggling my eyebrows suggestively at him. His returning smile eased my stomach slightly. I had been a little worried that he had taken it personally for a minute there. Well, either that, or that his head was going to explode like a 4th July display!Having said that, I knew Jackson inside and out...the only aspect of his life I had no clue about, was his love life. In the years that he had been with Bree and I, he had made no mention of women or girlfriends. I was sure by moving to New York with us at the drop of a hat, that he was not leaving some poor wife behind. In fact, up until I had seen him act all coy about 30 seconds ago, he could have very well been gay for all I knew! Not that there is anything wrong with being gay you know, but no gay man would avoid eye contact with a beautiful dark haired waitress named Angela.As we chatted about the move, we ate. The house was almost complete, and as for my New York office - well, that had been up and running for the past 3 years. Now it was my to be my new place of work, and if I said I wasn't nervous, I would be lying to myself.I had been in constant contact with my New York office branch manager, Embry Call and he had been a fine job keeping the place going. In fact, if it wasn't for Embry, I would have had to either close the office completely, or move out here 3 years ago...and that just wasn't a possibility 3 years ago! Embry and I had met on many occasions, either I would come to New York, and tie it in with other work and meetings, or he would travel across to the Washington office and work from there for a week or so instead. There were also weekly video chats and conferences, so as far as the NY branch was going, I wasn't worried.When I hired Embry, I did the interview personally. One of the best decisions I've made - and believe me, I've also made some real bad ones in my time - but Embry is an asset to the company. He's a cute kid, fresh out of university, and has a great business mind. He was the best right-hand man I could ask for.When I first told him that I would be a permanent resident of NYC, misread the reasoning behind it at first, and jumped to the worst of conclusions."Have I done something wrong Bella?""No, of course not Embry. Why on Earth would you think that?""Well, I have been given your schedule of meetings for the next quarter, and they are all based in New York. You have never spent more than 2 weeks in New York at any one time" he finished."Everything is fine Embry, honestly. I can assure you that everything is fine. It's going to be normal meetings, in the regular manner, with the same usual faces - except this time, I'm going to be present in person, rather than over conference""But I don't understand Bella...are you coming because I have slipped somehow?" I felt a little sorry for him, and could understand why my extended stay in New York would confuse matters and cause him some concern."No, really Embry, it's got absolutely nothing to do with your ability. In fact, you are the best branch manager I could ever ask for...""But I'm afraid I still don't understand""Look, I am about to tell you something that cannot be repeated to anyone. It is completely and utterly 100% confidential. I am not only asking you to keep this to yourself as my right-hand man, I'm also asking for you to keep it to yourself as my friend Embry""Okaaayyyy..." He answered, very unsure. I had to drum it into him the severity of the situation."I mean it Embry, not a soul can find out...you cannot even tell your dog!" Yes, I'm that serious!"Of course Bella, you have my word, I promise...and I don't have a dog, so no problems there"I let out a small chuckle. I told him more or less everything - about the trial and about the culprit. The only thing he isn't aware of is Bree - in fact, no one in any of my offices knows that she even exists. And I intend to keep it that way!"Hello? Earth to Bella?" said Jackson, waving his huge hand in front of my face."Sorry Jacks, spaced out there for a second"He chuckled, whilst removing his wallet. "I said, are you almost ready to leave?" He started counting out some money, whilst keeping one eye on the dark haired beauty who served us. I smirked. I love to see him happy, and this place is going to make him very happy. I can just tell."Yep, I just need to pop to the bathroom before we leave"I stood as he nodded his head, looking out of the window.By the time I got back to the table minutes later, my shit eating grin totally gave me away."Aww man, Bella you just paid for the food didn't you?""Uh huh" was my simple response, whilst holding my hands behind my back, and rocking on the balls of my feet like a sneaky little girl."But this was supposed to be my treat" he pouted."Ok ok, you can get the next one. I promise" and I held my hand up like a good little girl guide. Yeah right, like I was ever a girl guide. They would have taken one look at me back then, and run for the hills!Angela appeared to clean our plates from the table, and turned back to us. "Thanks for eating with us today, have a great day guys" and with that, she turned towards. Jackson and winked at him, before sauntering off towards the kitchen. He didn't know where to put himself, but his smile could have lit an entire city!As we stepped out into the New York air, I still couldn't stop grinning."Ok out with it" he said, as we stopped to cross the street."I'm sure I have no idea what you are talking about" I said, trying to put on most innocent face. I totally sucked at it. Plus, this man could read me like a book.He grinned back, and pulled his head up, to watch the sign. It indicated to walk."I know you have done something. I can always tell with you, you know!""Oh yeah?" I challenged him comically. "How so big man?" I love our banter."Because you make all kinds of strange shapes with your mouth, like you have a sour sweet in there. So you may as well just admit it now, because we both know that you will tell me eventually anyway"He had me there. "Ok fine...I told Angela that we weren't dating...""What?!""And that you are completely single...""What?!""And that you like her...""What?!""And I kinda sorta maybe...gave her your number, and told her to call you to arrange a date night..." I quickly put my hands over my ears to hear a final "what?!""Why would you do that?" His face was a sort of maroon colour, and I took a step back, so to give him space. I was still totally pleased with myself though."Hey, you like her, and once I mentioned it, she said she really liked you too, she just didn't give you any signals because she thought I was your wife or something and she didn't want to disrespect me" when I spoke to her, she genuinely seemed like a total sweetheart. She and Jackson would go together perfectly. The big strong proud man and the little lady who needs to be protected. Perfect."She likes me?" He asked, his attitude changing instantly. "She actually said that, or are you adding bits in?" His eyes narrowed slightly. As if that would somehow help him to see through me and find out if I'm really telling the truth."Yes, they were her exact words Jacks. Honestly, I could see it between you both as soon as she came over to the table. I'm great at matchmaking. And she is such a little darling too, you are going to love spending time with her...""I dunno Bella...""Fine, just give it one date, and if you don't like her after that, then we never have to eat there again" I bargained with him, whilst trying to flash him my sweetest smile. Appealing to his softer side."Ok fine..." He replied, defeated but smiling from ear to ear. "And she's calling me?""Yes, tomorrow"Today was a good day, and I knew that no matter what the night may bring, that I was going to bed smiling.When I woke up in the morning however maybe a different story.So, there you have it folks! The start of the story that is currently taking over my life. I hope you enjoyed what you have read so far, there will be more to come soon! Please leave a review, I love to hear from you guys, as much as you love to read new chaptersoh we make wonderful allies! 
