A/N: I've never tried this type of approach to a story before so I hope it will take me places. I'm not good at writing English the way it would sound in the past so this will just be our regular english alright?Summary: Bella Swan is suddenly teleported to the Bronze Age through a mysterious portal where she's suddenly accused of murder. There's a mysterious man helping her and it turns out he's the queen's son, heir to the throne! Join Bella in her quest to prove her innocence, and more improtantly, to return home before it's too late.Rating: M (For several reasons, enough said.)Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, it belongs to SM. What does belong to me though is this plot and any original characters that I add in there. I repeat: I make no profit off of this.CHAPTER ONEIt was a typical rainy day in Forks, just like any other typical day. Forks is a small town in Washington, probably the rainiest state in the United States. The clouds above were clouding any possible ray of sunshine that could improve the day's quality. It was early in the morning, the sound of school buses and motor vehicles blared throughout the small town.The morning started rather normally. Bella woke up to the sound of her alarm clock which she was tempted to simply smash to bits. A memory of her father chastising her for breaking the fifth alarm clock he'd bought her ran quickly through her mind. With a sigh, the young girl swung her legs over the edge of the bed. She managed to hit her toe on the edge of the wooden bedstead. With a groan, she collapsed on the floor and clutched onto her bruised foot which was now starting to turn a deep purple color.'Curse my damn pale skin.'"Bella? Y'alright up there?" Charlie's voice projected from downstairs, presumably the living room. He must have heard Bella stub her toe, or probably the loud groan that followed. "Yeah I'm fine dad! Typical morning for me, you know what that entails." Bella managed to hear Charlie's deep chuckle downstairs, "Well meet me downstairs Bells, breakfast is waiting for you and I don't s'pose it tastes good all cold."Bella shook her head with a light smile on her lips, since when did Charlie cook breakfast?With a quick trip to the bathroom for a 15 minute shower and a 2 minute tooth brushing, Bella stepped out with her favorite grey towel. She rummaged through her drawers for a clean shirt and bottoms. Bella quickly settled for a white v-neck that really didn't expose much of anything and a pair of deep blue denims. Her fingers quickly tied the laces of her sneakers, black and white. There has been too many occurences where her frequent meetings with the ground cost her a shoe.Without looking into the mirror, Bella descended the stairs to find her father on the couch watching a football rerun. I don't get why watch the re-run when he's already seen it...Charlie turned around to the sound of footsteps coming down the stairs and started looked at Bella, more specifically her hair. "Um, gonna do somethin' about the hair Bells?" Bella blushed furiously, embarrased that she'd forgotten to brush her hair yet again. Grabbing the nearby brush on the table, Bella began brushing her hair and freeing the tangles residing within."There?" She demanded with her hands on her hips. Charlie nods with a grin and points to the orange juice and toasted bread on the table. Bella lifted an eyebrow and her dad then at the food. "Wow, breakfast this morning dad?"Charlie cleared his throat, surely out of embarrassment, "Well, it IS your first day as senior at school." Bella gave a nice smile and nodded, greatful for the breakfast. Charlie was never a really emotional person so something like this goes a long way. She decided to sit down and enjoy her breakfast which wasn't much but it sure meant a lot to her. "Thanks dad."Charlie nodded, never breaking his gaze on the TV. "Yer Welcome. Go on now, stay out of trouble." Bella nodded, ran over to him, gave him a quick peck on the forehead and made her way out the door. She stepped food inside her truck and drove to school. The day started fabulously today, nothing could possibly go wrong. Bella parked at her usual spot and made sure her parking decal ticket was on the rear-view mirror inside the car.The moment she stepped outside, Bella's foot dipped in a puddle of icy water. This would have been worse if the puddle had mud in it. With a sigh, she made her way towards her locker. "Wow Bella, took a dip inside a puddle today too?" Mike commented, his eyes stared at Bella's wet shoe."Morning to you too Mike." Bella greeted sourly before she slammed her locker shut, too bad it hadn't caught his finger. "Come on Bella, you know I'm kidding." Brown orbs glanced over at him before turning around to run smack into Angela, leader of the figurative Mike Newton club. Oh gosh, this was definitely not a lucky day."Bella." Angela greeted, in a sing song voice that sent shivers down Bella's spine. "How's it goin'?" She laughed and, what she thought was cute, swatted Bella's arm causing the books in the girl's arm to drop to the floor. The sound coincided with the first period bell and Angela's annoyingly sqeeky voice, "Oh gosh, I'm so sorry Bella."Mike shrugged Angela's hand away from his shoulder and bent over to help Bella pick up her books. "Let me help." A deep voice sounded from behind Bella, "I think you've helped enough Mickey." Bella turned around to find Jacob there, she gave a short laugh at Jake's change in Mike's name.Mike glared at Jake but was already being dragged away by Angela who's comments were drowned away as the two walked down the hallway together. "Here ya go Bells, I would've helped sooner but dad held me up. Can you believe he made me breakfast this morning?""Seriously?" Her voice shook as she lifted herself off the floor and wobbled but managed to catch herself on the nearby locker. "Yours too? Charlie made me breakfast too!"Jake chuckled, his deep voice sent shivers down Bella's spine, the good kind. "They probably talked about it yesterday. But I get the point, hey, it's senior year, it's suppose to be all fun 'n stuff." Bella shrugged at his comment, not even realizing the two had started their walk to first period, Pre-calculus. "You know we're going to be late right?" Jake shrugged.Bella laughed again and decided to wait before pointing something out to him. Once they arrived in front the classroom door, Bella looked up at Jacob at the same time he looked down at her. Their lips touched briefly but it felt as though it lasted forever. Jake chose to lower his head again while bracing himself on the classroom door with his hand. His lips descended onto hers in a sweet and savory way. Jake bit onto her lower lip, causing Bella's lips to part with a gasp, allowing his tongue access to hers. Once they connected, it felt as though explosions sounded all around them. It felt as though their battle of dominance would last forever but Bella broke it first, letting a line of drool connecting them but it soon disappeared. Bella blushed, why was it always this good? Jake's smile radiated with as much satisfaction as was humanly possible."Do you already have to do that?" Bella grumbled, hugging her books tighter. "I didn't hear you complain about it." Jake responded with a smirk. With a roll of the eyes, Bella motioned to his empty hand, "Don't you have books to carry?"Jacob's eyes widened before he sprinted down the hallway, "Why didn't you fucking remind me?!" He shouted as he ran. Bella grinned and waved at him, "You're right! I was enjoying it too much!" She turned around, towards the door and sighed before stepping in. The whole class had a knowing look on their expressions causing Bella to blush furiously before looking at the teacher who soon coughed."Miss Swan, would you like to explain exactly what you were enjoying too much?" Bella blushed even more, if that was even humanly possible. "No...not really." The class burst into laughter.After classes were over, Bella stood beside her truck with Jake, sharing a brief kiss. Jake wanted to push for more but Bella laid her finger on his lips, "I don't think so Jacob Black. I have to go to the library to study. I can't stand here and make out with you all day." Jake gave her his best puppy dog face which was almost effective, almost. Once he realized it wasn't going to work on her today, Jacob pouted a little but gave her a quick peck on her forehead. "Fine, I'll see you later but you better make it up to me later."Bella laughed a little with a knowing smirk on her lips, "Mashed potatoes?" Jake gave away nothing, "With gravy?" Bella continued, noticing Jacob's mask cracking. "With extra cheese and maybe a one minute make out session."Jacob stole a quick kiss, "Make it two and you have yourself a deal Swan." He ran away before Bella could swat him upside his head. "Jake!"It was around 4 PM when Bella arrived at the libray and buried her nose in her history book. There was a quiz in two days and she wanted to be well prepared. The clock ticked and it was soon 5 PM when Bella decided it was time to switch over to Pre-Calculus. Math had always been one of her strong points but she wouldn't lie and say Pre-Calc was easy. It just took a few minutes to get a good feel of it and it wasn't long until Bella was flying through the questions with ease."Alright next." Suddenly, she felt a little dizzy, as though someone just swung her around in a teacup. Thinking it might just be fatigue and nerves, Bella decided to simply put her head down to calm down. The clock ticked by and the power went out abruptly, leaving Bella in complete darkness. Everyone had already left the library an hour ago, so she was alone and the lack of sound was beginning to freak her out.Slowly, as to not trigger the earlier dizzy spell, Bella began packing her stuff and stood up to make her way towards the door before she began hearing a distinct humming sound. A soft humming, as though a mother was trying to soothe a young child. Bella turned around to see a sort of distortion in the air, the same as when the area was hot and you could see the heat flutter throughout the area. Except this time, the heat was not invisible, it was a distinctive dark purple color that made it look as though it were a black hole.Fear suddenly spiked through her senses, something was telling her to run away from this strange distortion but Bella was frozen in spot, it was as though her body didn't belong to her anymore. It wasn't listening or maybe Bella simply wasn't trying. She couldn't tell.Whispers could be heard through the weird purple color in front of her, groans and whispers along with a few murmers. Words she could not comprehend were flowing through her mind quickly, a little too quickly. It was giving her a large migraine, she felt as though her head was close to explode.Slowly the purple distortion seemed to be moving, zipping from side to side but definitely closer to her. Fear spread throughout her body again and this time, she turned around and made a run for it but realized she wasn't making any progress. "What the hell?"Then, with powerful strength, it seemed as though the distortion was sucking her in. "No no no no no no, stop please..." Suddenly the pull stopped and Bella began feeling the purple humming right behind her. It was definitely impossible to ignore but Bella simply bolted towards a nearby door. Too quick for the eye to comprehend, the purple distortion suddenly appeared in front of her, causing Bella to run right into it. And then she fell.Everything around her was deep purple, almost black. She was falling and had no idea what was going on. Bella suddenly began crying, what in the world was going on? "I'm sorry Jake, I can't make it up to you today after all..." An image of her father flashed through her mind, "Sorry dad, I can't make dinner tonight either..." Suddenly, a light appeared beneath her. What was first a small dot was now inexplicably blinding, causing Bella to close her eyes. She wasn't at all prepared for the impact with the ground, it was wet too."Just my luck..." She grumbled and looked beneath her to see blood, a lot of blood. A scream left her lips, Bella began backing way from the body. Body? She looked over to notice a young boy, probably around her age with dark hair. He was wearing strange clothing and blood was oozing out of his left front pocket. He was stabbed through the heart, she observed. Bella noticed the trail of blood leading away from her and registered a young man leaving with a knife in his hand."Hey wait!""Oh Emmett baby? Are you okay in there?" A woman's voice sounded outside before the doors burst open. Another shriek sounded throughout the coridoor, this time, it attracted way more attention. "Emmett!" The woman yelled, with tears streaming down her cheeks at the loss of the boy who was obviously a loved one. Son maybe?Her eyes finally flashed to Bella to such fury, it could possibly murder someone. The woman's eyes darted up and down Bella's form, taking in the blood soaking Bella's clothing. "You!" Her finger pointed towards Bella in allegation. "Murderer!"What in the world was going on?!A/N: What is going on indeed! I don't know how you all will react to this so I'll keep my fingers crossed. **crosses fingers**. Leave me some love/hate in the reviews, I'd love to hear what you think and see if you guys want more :D
