AloneA/N: All of the characters belong not to ma, but to the author of twilight. I simply jacked her story around and made it different.WARNING: In this story some vampires have a chance at keeping their human eye color. Also a little bit of swearing.Chapter 1: AloneIn all of the long years that I have been a vampire, I have never found true love, or any love for that matter. Sure I have had many human women have thrown themselves at me but they only see me for what's on the outside. I want someone who loves me for me, not for my appearance. All of my family has found their soul mates but yet I'm left alone. I have scoured a very wide area for a female vampire but I have always come up short.After so many years of failure, I have decided to give up searching for a soul mate. If it is really meant to be then love should find me, right? Right?Sure I could have any human girl I wanted but if I did find the right human girl could I change her and take away her innocence? Would I end up draining all of her blood and hurting her? Gah! I was overthinking things. I just needed some time to myself without all of the  thoughts.I went to my room to get some appropriate hunting attire. Once I was dressed I jumped out of my room window and ran through the Chicago night. I loved to run; it was the one thing that I loved about this lonely life. I decided to really stretch my legs and go my fastest.I didn't know how long I was running but I finally came across the scent of a mountain lion and I made a B-line towards it. Once I got in its vicinity I got into a crouch position and prepared to strike at the animal. I guess I was really focused on the animal because I didn't notice the skunk that had been in the bushes near the lion. It sprayed me right in the face and scurried away.I cursed at the animal. Damned skunk! I can't smell anything. Shit! During my tirade I didn't notice a pair of eyes watching me. Once I realized I got lower in my crouch position and growled where the attacker might be. "Show yourself." I growled in a frequency only vampires could hear. "Whoa! Easy there cowboy. I'm sorry I was watching you. Shit! And I thought I was being quiet about it." A low sultry voice replied. I immediately loosened myself from my crouch position. Shit! I just growled at a woman with the sexiest voice I had ever heard. I then realized that I couldn't hear her thoughts. That's odd, that has never happened to before. I then turned towards where her voice was and no one was there. Was I imagining things? "Umm I don't think  well you shouldn't turn around to hell with it! Don't turn around because I'm not decent at the moment. Damn mountain lions and their claws to hell! It completely ripped my clothes in half." I was frozen where I was. Did she just say she was completely naked? Oh. My. Damn! Turn around. Oh my god her breath is right behind you and on your neck! A woman is naked behind you! Keep it together Cullen. I had to stifle a groan. What the hell? I have never in 109 years wanted to groan at a woman. "Oh um, sorry I didn't mean to interrupt your hunting. I apologize." I said a little flustered. "Its fine, I mean how could you have known. I'm sorry if I am intruding on you and your mates claim. I give you my upmost apologies. I won't be here long I promise." She said a little flustered as well.Wait did she just say mate? "Oh I don't have a mate. I'm just here with my family in Chicago. I was here hunting when a skunk sprayed me in the face and now I can't smell a thing, not even your scent." I started to get angry at the skunk again. I swear I could hear her giggle behind me. "Oh that's terrible! Well have fun sitting your face in human tomato paste. Blech!" I loved her giggle. Something had to be wrong with me. "Uh, it's Edward. My name. Born in the 1900's." I said trying to be formal. I felt her breath hitch. "No way! Me too! Oh gosh and your name. It means something to me from my human life but I don't know what. It sucks that the Spanish influenza got to me and whatever happened to you. I feel like we could have been friends."I was again shocked into silence. She was turned exactly like I did, victim to a case of the Spanish influenza. "Now this is some freaky crap. I was also turned because of the Spanish influenza." I felt her breath a little closer now. "How in the world? This really is some freaky crap. Next thing you know were going to find out we are brother and sister. I hope not because that would make me feel awful for staring at your ass." I was shocked to say the least. Did she just admit to checking me out? She seemed to realize this at the same moment I did. "Oh fuck me." She sounded flushed. I would happily help you with that. My inner 17 year old came out a bit at her comment. "Excuse my language but I have to go now Edward. I have just mortified myself in that one sentence. Goodbye handsome. Shit not again!" And just like that I could no longer fell her breath behind me.A female vampire was ogling me and admitted that she found me handsome. Shit I needed her, she was the first I have ever found and she may or may not be lusting after me. F-U-C-K. I needed to get home quickly before I did something I would regret.When I got back home, Alice was jumping up and down on the porch. "I knew it! I knew it! I friggin' knew it!" She kept squealing it over and over. "What now Alice?" I continued past her tiny pixie like frame. Instead of telling me I got a vision of myself smiling and wearing it can't be a wedding band?!I stopped dead in my tracks and spun around to face her. "What wasthat Alice?" That couldn't happen with how everything has been. She rolled her eyes at me and put her hands on her hips. "Really Edward? Has it been so long that you forgot what love looked like. You will be happy and married. And before you ask, I got the vision when Carlisle and Esme decided that we were moving back to Forks, Washington." She said smiling up at me. Hmm, so Forks, Washington will be where I met my mystery girl. I wonder if it has anything to do with Ms. Nakedness. "We will be moving in 1 month so be ready." Alice called up to me.I needed more details; I tried to get through Alice's mind. All I got was Clair de' Lune. "What are you hiding from me Alice?" I asked her. I felt like I should know since I'm the one who is getting a new wife. Oh god. I didn't think that wife would sound so good to me. After 109 years of loneliness, I might find happiness.
