A/N: I don't own Twilight. Any similarities or references belong to their own persons.Prologue My best friendWe were four when we met, two little girls on the playground enjoying what little sun this rainy town could offer. I was immediately enthralled with the only other girl at the park; grateful for an escape from the mud games the other little boys we're trying to convince me to play. I had walked right up to her and announced to her, "I'm Isabella Swan and you're my new best friend." Despite her show of reluctance about not being able to choose whom her best friend was, she and I have been inseparable ever since.Ran awayI opened the door, slightly annoyed that anyone would be knocking on it at eight am on a Sunday morning and was surprised to see Angela Webber standing on my porch with a letter in her hand. I mentally huffed in annoyance, just because she was the minister's daughter and was obligated to be up so early on Sundays did not mean that she could force that upon the rest of us."I know this seems strange, but someone left this tapped to my car with instructions to hand it to you," she handed me a sealed enveloped and gave me a small smile before heading back to her car. Confused, I opened it up and started to read it.Dear B,I'm sorry.No, I'm more than sorry. Sorry can't even begin to describe how I feel about what I'm doing; yet I'm doing it anyways. I know you and I had planned on going away to college together, since forever. I'm talking in the past tense because, well, it's not happening B. I'm sorry I didn't tell you, I didn't know how! But it doesn't matter because, now I'm gone. I cancelled my application to NYU. I'm going off to college, don't worry, just not NYU. I can't tell you where I'm going or who I'm going with. You're probably (by this point of my letter) seriously mad me. I can deal with that. But I can't tell you more because then you would hate me. Although, I guess it doesn't matter because we'll probably never see each other again.You're my best friend B, you'll always be the best friend I'll ever have and I don't deserve you one bit. These past 14 years have been amazing.I'm Sorry.With my boyfriendThe wind was just cool enough to keep me at perfect temperature on this strangely hot summer night in Forks, Washington. Although physically, I was at a perfectly normal body temperature, I was burning inside. I had always watched movies about how when a girl loses her virginity to the right guy the stars align and everything clicks. Thanks to some gruelling sex-ed classes courtesy of Coach Clapp, I had come to terms with the fact that the real version was a lot less glamorous, but at this moment, everything from the movies was coming true."Are you sure you're ready for this B?" he whispered into my neck as he pampered me with kisses."You love me, right? You'll always be here for me?" I got out in a strained voice between breaths that sounded a lot more like pornstar-moans. My hands spread out and grabbed a fistful of sand, reminding me that we were currently on Third Beach in La Push and that someone could walk in on us at any time, although at this point I couldn't seem to care."I will never leave you."Damn,You know those overly dramatic Hollywood movies that always make it really big in the box office because the plot is just so damn sad? Well you know how there's always that one scene where the main character breaks down and starts bawling his or her eyes out, screaming and crying uncontrollably and everyone in the theatre is either really uncomfortable or crying too?Yeah, that's me right now. My clothes, face and the driver's seat of my car are completely soaked and for once it has nothing to do with the temperature outside. I can't remember the last time I cried; now I can't stop.I'm really going to miss her. I grabbed my oversized hand bag that had somehow been accepted as a carry on and walked over to the boarding station where two overly peppy flight attendants with fake smiles practically painted on were checking everyone's passports and boarding passes. Thankfully, that was over fast and I walked anxiously to the middle section of the plane and sat down in the window seat. Fifteen minutes later, the plane was getting ready for take off. I finally looked away from the window and glanced at the empty seat beside me. My heart felt like it was being torn into pieces and shoved down my stomach. Damn it, how am I going to make it to college without her?A/N: That's it for the prologue. Please review and give this story a chance I have a really good feeling about this one. I'll try to update it more often than I did with Maid In Manhattan but I can't make any promises other than I'll try my very best. Love A. 
