This is my first work, so please let me know what you think!Enjoy!It was dark.She sat in her car, just out of the glow of the streetlight, watching them. Together.Watching him. Watching the man she wanted to and firmly believed she would spend the rest of her life with walk down the street to enter the newest restaurant in town. With her.She slowly spun the engagement ring he had given her just last month on her finger. And waited for them to go inside.When she saw them sit down at a table through the window of the restaurant, she calmly stepped out of her car and casually walked over to where her car was. The two lovebirds blissfully dining inside had driven separately, he directly from work and she from the salon where she had gotten her hair done just for this night.When she reached her car, she knew exactly what to do. An old friend of hers who had gotten arrested one too many times for auto theft had taught her exactly what needed to be done. Once she broke into the car, she popped the hood and felt around for the piece she was looking for. When her fingers touched it, she held on with one hand and slipped the other into her pocket. Pulling out a box cutter, she took hold of what was in her other hand and calmly began to cut. Once she finished, she made it look like nothing had happened and walked back to her car. As she drove off, she smiled.She watched the news that morning. He was still "away on his business trip". The story said there had been a gruesome accident last night when she ran a red light and was t-boned by an 18-wheeler. She smiled and began to make herself a cup of coffee as the reporter stated, "Tragically, the woman  whose identity has yet to be verified  died at the scene. We will get back to you with any new developments concerning this tragedy. Back to you, Bob". She turned off the TV and went to take a shower. Watching the report had made her slightly late for work.Five Days LaterShe stood, unnoticed, as people dressed in black one by one walked up to her casket and said goodbye as they placed red roses on top. She watched as he took his turn. Then she looked toward where he walked back to. And narrowed her eyes as she felt rage begin to seep in. She watched as they stood there, some with tears in their eyes, while the other people left for the wake.When everyone else had gone, she stepped forward, and waited for one of them to notice her. His sister turned around first. And froze."Bella."The rest of them froze and then turned quickly around, each with varying expressions of guilt and wariness on their faces. He stiffened, but didn't turn.Bella looked and the woman who she had once thought to be closer to her than a sister."Alice," she said coolly. Bella slowly walked closer to them. She looked at the picture of her that was placed on an easel. "She's very pretty," she stated. "Oh, excuse me," she turned to him "WAS very pretty."He didn't look up."What are you doing here?" his brother Emmett asked, standing next to his long-time girlfriend, Rosalie. Bella simply stared at him."You're joking, right? You are good at that." She turned to look at the rest of them, his family. The people she had thought would soon become her family. "I could ask you all the same question, but I believe I know the answer to that. After all, you apparently knew what was going on. Right?" She looked at each of them. "Nothing to say?" She turned to Alice's boyfriend, Jasper. "I'm surprised at you. You always know what to say." She turned back to everyone. "But then again, what DO you say at the funeral of the woman my fianc cheated on me with? Especially since you all not only allowed it to continue, but helped cover for him!" She pointed to him on the last word. He flinched as if she had slapped him.Good.Alice stepped forward. "Bella, she was my friend."Bella looked at her. "I thought I was you friend. I thought I was your sister. I mean, isn't that what I was going to be anyway?" She flashed her ring at Alice. She looked down.Bella turned to his parents, Esme and Carlisle. "And you two. You two were probably the worst. It disgusts me that you would allow your son to do this to anyone, let alone your future daughter-in-law." They avoided her eyes.Normally someone in this situation would be yelling and screaming at these people, who had so deeply betrayed her, but Bella wasn't like that. She was dangerously calm.She turned to face him. Stared at him. "Look. At. Me."He slowly turned."I don't even care why," she began. "Your excuses mean nothing to me. I just want to know one thing." Bella paused and waited until he met her eyes. "Were you ever going to tell me, Edward? Were you ever going to tell me that you were fucking my best friend behind my back?"He closed his eyes. She stilled, took a deep breath, and nodded. "I thought so."She turned toward the grave. To where Tanya, her former closest friend, lay. Then Bella took the ring that used to mean everything to her off her finger. Now it was just a circle of metal with a rock. She held it between her pointer finger and thumb."You know, I WAS going to simply give this back to you," Bella said as she looked at her former love. "But I believe this might be more fitting. It was all she really wanted." Then she held her arm out over the six-foot deep hole.And dropped the ring in it.It made a hollow thunk as it hit Tanya's casket.Bella turned toward Edward's confused expression. And smirked. "Oh, come on. You didn't HONESTLY think she loved you, did you? She was using you. All of you. And you fell for it hook, line, and sinker." Bella chuckled humorlessly as she began to walk through the rest of them back to her waiting car.She stopped as she heard Rosalie say, "I'm surprised at how calm you were, Bella. I thought you would be upset or throw a tantrum." She could hear the contempt in Rosalie's voice.Bella turned back to face Rosalie and gave her a smile so cold it sent shivers down everyone's spines. Then she turned back and began to walk away while calling,"You should know by now that I don't GET upset, Rosalie."She smirked."I just get even."AN: I'm debating whether to continue with this or not. Do you think I should? Got any ideas?
