Life after the VolturiChapter 1- A New DayI do not own Twilight. As much as I wish it belongs to S.M. Images of dresses can be found in my Bio.BellaIt has been seven years since that day with the Volturi. People have been in a better moods, even Charlie has notice. So seven year went by and now Renesmee is full-grown and Jake keeps getting bigger. I've realized that Jake feelings have changed over the past seven years, and if I could realize it, so could Edward. Today we are at Charlie's and tomorrow Charlie is going to go fishing with his friend Mark. So Alice, Jasper, and of course Edward and I are all going to go hunting while Charlie is away. Every time we visit Charlie, or plan to visit him, Alice has to make me look older in some ways so Charlie doesn't notice I'm not ageing."Bella?" an angel voice ask, "What are you thinking about?" The angel voice has kept asked me that question over the last few minutes. I pushed my shield out and around Edward and I thought "I love you." Edward smiled and bent down and gave me a kiss. Just then, Charlie came in with his drink, Vitamin R, and said, "Hey just 'because you two are married doesn't mean you can do it in my house." Edward pulled back and I thought "Later." Edward smile and said low enough that only I could hear, "We have our own house to do it in." Edward and I laughed. Finally, Jake and Renesmee came in and said, "Sorry we're late." "It's okay. So where have you been all day?" Charlie asked giving Renesmee a hug and gave a look to Jake. Ever since Jake showed him his wolf self to Charlie he has acted like he was the same old Jake, no more secrets. Jake told me once that it was nice to have someone else know about them. Charlie is getting uses to the idea of Jake as a wolf. "Jake and I went for a ride down to La Push Beach." "You didn't ride motorcycles did you?" Knowing Charlie he still hated motorcycles ever since that 'motorcycle accident' with Jake that happened when we were attacked by newborns. "No grandpa, we went in his car." Knowing my daughter, she probably was riding on Jake instead of riding with him. Suddenly I could smell cow blood, which was delicious and it burned my throat. Edward looked down at me with a frighten look knowing that I was in pain because of the smell. "Sue? What are you making for dinner?" Edward asked, "Steak with some mash potatoes." Sue answered and Charlie smiled then said, "Yummy," then the smile faded when he looked at us. "You have to leave don't you? Even with steak and potatoes, I mean you can't get a better meal than that." "Sorry Charlie but we have plans." Edward said politely. "Well I'm staying." Jake said with a smile then he asks Renesmee, "what about you Nessie? Are you hungry for steak and potatoes?" Jake said to Renesmee and she nodded. Then I gave a look to Edward saying that I still don't like the name Nessie. Edward smiled and said "Renesmee would you like to stay? I'm sure Jake would like to take home after words." He smile at Jake and I saw something there but I don't know what.After Edward and I said our goodbyes we both got into his silver Volvo and went home. A little ways away Edward gave a moan and turn to look at me. "What is it Edward? What's wrong?" I was a little nervous on what he had read in someone's mind. We pulled up to the big house and Alice was waiting for us. "I'm guessing that it has something to do with Alice." He gave a slight nod and Alice was already at my side of the car. She opens the door and took my hand and said, "Let's go, let's go, let's go!" "Go for what?" I ask but Edward started saying "Tell you later, but for now I'm so sorry." I looked at Edward and he had a look on his face that was apologetic. "What am I doing?" "You are doing nothing, but Alice is doing something." He still had that apologetic look on his face "What is Alice doing?" "I'm going to make you stunning." Alice said while pulling me into the house with Edward followed right behind us. "I'm her guinea pig! For what? When?"Right as I said that Jake and Renesmee came through the forest tree and said, "What's going on?" "Oh it's nothing, yet" Alice said and gave a smile to Renesmee and Edward. I frowned and Alice said, "Let's go inside and tell us what happened at Charlie's." Alice said with a smile on her face. Alice let go of my hand and Edward took it in both of his and kissed them. When we were all inside I was on Edward's lap and Renesmee and Jake sat across from everyone. Renesmee started, "well, so after mom and dad left and we were finished with supper, Jake ask if I would like to go for a walk with him through the woods." I don't like where this is going. "We were walking when Jake turned around and started saying-" Jake interrupted and said, "'Nessie? My feelings have changed over the past seven years and now that you are full grown' and I got down on one knee and asked, 'Renesmee Cullen will you marry me?'" Renesmee continues, "I was so happy I ran to him and we both fell on the ground." I was shocked, happy, but shocked. How could I not see this coming? It was right in my face. The feelings that Jake has for Renesmee have changed and she was full grown, so why not get married? Edward got worried when I didn't move or blink or even breathe, not that I needed too. "Bella? Are you alright?" Edward asks me but I couldn't answer because I was still in shock. My baby getting married to my best friend and I couldn't even move."Bella?" Suddenly I could felt warm hands on my shoulder and I kept asking questions in my mind, why now? Why didn't I see it? Then I remembered that look that Edward gave Jake when we were leaving. Edward was still worried so he leaned in and I could feel warms lips on mine then I snapped right out of it and I gripped Edward. After I was done kissing Edward I got up and in a blur ran to my daughter and hugged her said, "I'm so happy for you." Just then I remembered Jake and I turned to look at him and I gave him a hug as well. I looked at Edwards and said; "you knew?" he nodded and said "Jake-like a gentleman-asked for my permission before he proposed." My mouth was wide open then I gave him a look and he came over and wrapped his arms around my waist and said "Remember what I said to you on the night I proposed?" I had to think about it for a moment because it was a little cloudy. Then I nodded and said, "Yes, you said, 'only asking my father permission-" "yes, but I didn't, and Jake I'm very glad you asked for my permission before proposing." Edward smiled and then with no movement I was kissing him. After Edward and I were done kissing Emmett started saying, "Wow Bella that was a very long time to be kissing!" I turned around and saw Emmett smiling. I don't know what it was about Emmett that drives me nuts but when Alice said "Let's celebrate!" Emmett smiled and said, "Looks like you two can't have a one of those nights Bella." I ran to him and punch him hard on the arm and Edward and Jake chuckled and everyone else was smiling but Emmett. I might not be a newborn but I was really concerned about my personal life. "Okay so now it time to celebrate!" Alice said and I groaned, Edward came towards me and said quietly that no one could hear. "Just wait; tonight we'll have our own celebration." Edward said while I chuckled then Alice pulls me upstairs with Edward still following. "First with the make-up then with your dress, oh I can't wait till you see it!" We just now entered her bathroom and she said to Edward "No peaking!" and shut the door in his face."Why did you do that? Why can't he help?" "Because I love to see the expression on Edward's face whenever he sees you." Now that I'm a vampire Alice doesn't have to be careful doing my makeup when she did when I was human. She was afraid that she might hurt me if not done right when I was still human. She moves in a blur to do my makeup and hair. We were done with the hair and makeup in less than ten minutes. If she had done that while I was still human she would of left a huge bruise on me and Edward would have gotten mad at her. Alice went to get my dress and she came back with my dress in one of those garment covers. "Please promise me that you won't shield Edward and show him your dress in your mind." "Sure Alice, just show me my dress." I can tell that Alice is trying really hard not to think of my dress because she doesn't want Edward to see it in her mind before it's time. "If it's so hard for you to think about it maybe you should leave?" "And miss your expression when you see you dress, no way." She gave me the dress and I unzipped it and I gasped. I could hear everyone was listening to me and I heard Edward take a deep breath. "So what do you think?" Alice asks me. The dress was a rose pink, had one shoulder and it had beading on the top part of the dress and on the sleeve. The dress flowed all the way down to the floor, it was beautiful. "You like it right? It's a Doris Queen, she is a wonderful designer don't you agree?" Alice ask me and I said, "what the occasion?" Alice rolls her eyes, "like you don't know." I looked at her confused and she said, "The party for Jake and Nessie engagement." I moaned and I heard Edward chuckled. "Who all's coming?" I ask, "It's just us and the pack." Alice took my dress and helped me into it. To finish me off she did some touch-ups on my make-up and I realized that it had gotten dark and I could hear that Alice and I were the only one not at the party. Alice hurries to get dressed and within a flash she was back before I could go down to the party. "I think that you should have your own dramatic entrance with a spotlight and-" "NO! Alice! NO!" "Well with that dress you should." "Alice no, that would be too much. Plus why should I? Renesmee is the star." "Well then, I will see you down stairs." She said with a smile and left.
