A Bad LoveThe little prick breaks up with me! Tells me I'm not good enough and that I will never see him again, now here I am running off to Italy to save his sorry arse so he doesn't get his sparkly dick fried! I just can't get a break!...Here let me elaborate. Hi, I'm Isabella Marie Swan but call me Izzy. I live in Forks, Washington with my father Charlie Swan, Chief of Police. I attend Forks High School with some close friends of mine. Jessica Stanley, Angela Weber and Lauren Mallory (I know! Shocking right?) I am currently living the single life and LOVING it! Lets just say my life changed a whole lot when Dickward and his prissy little family left.After the sparkly ass freak left me in the woods, I was found 10 hours dead almost dead with hypothermia. I was a pathetic, weak bitch for 4 months! It wasn't until Jess confronted me at school yelling at me to get a grip. She dragged me to the girls toilets and shoved me in front of a mirror."Look at your self Bella! Its not healthy!"The girl in the mirror looked nothing like I remembered. She looked borderline anorexic, all her clothes were hanging off of her. Her hair was limp and lifeless, her skin looked forcibly stretched on her face and her eyes were empty. Void of all emotions."Is that me?" I whispered. Jess nodded sadly."If that's not enough to convince you, then when you get home look at Charlie" with that Jess walked out.When the bell ran at the end of the I rushed to my car. Before I drove off I looked at Jess who nodded at me. When I got home no one was in so I decided to order Pizza. Charlie arrived before the Pizza did. He looked shocked to see me. I looked at him properly for the first time in months. He too had lost an unhealthy amount of weight, his face was pale and tired. From the looks of it he hadn't slept much either. I guessed it was my fault, he was worrying about me. When I finished looking at him I burst out crying before launching myself at him, He stumbled out of shock."Bella?" he asked uncertainly"I'm so sorry Daddy! Its all my fault!" He looked angry as I said that and clutched me tighter against him."Never!" He told me we stayed like that until the doorbell rang. I went to answer it and paid for the Pizza, I told Charlie to start without me while I used the phone, he nodded and turned on the T.V. I dialled the right number and waited."Hello?" Jess' voice asked softly"Fancy going shopping?" I asked, I heard her gasp in shock."Bella?"The next day we skipped school, along with Angela and Lauren. We went to the hairdressers first because Lauren said that my hair need the most work other than my weight. I ended up dying my hair darker and the top and have it fade into dark blonde. I paid for it and then we started the real work. Finding me a whole new wardrobe.We had figured out that I was now a size 7 from the amount of weight I had lost. I decided to get bigger clothes so I could fit in to them when I put my weight back on. I ended up getting size 9 clothes. I was originally size 11 before everything happened.At the end of the day I had a whole knew bunch of clothes, instead of getting my usual demin and converse I ended up getting leather and heels. I started to socialize more, going to house party's and clubs. The girls showed me how to do my make up and my weight, finally, was a healthy size so my clothes didn't fall off me anymore.I found out about Jake and the pack when I went down to La Push and Hit Paul in the face for calling Jess a slut, He ended up phasing in front of us. After a lot of explaining to the girls we ended up going to La Push every weekend drinking and all that jazz. Paul and I hit it off particularly well, then later became fuck buddies. Jake was a little bit protective but not jealous since he had imprinted on Angela .Jake taught me how to drive a motorbike, Which was an effort on its own. When Charlie found out he wasn't really that happy being Chief of police and all."Well if you're happy, I'm happy. As long as I don't have to wipe you off the road" He told me before walking off to watch the game.He actually brought me my own Ducati, I don't think I screamed so much in my life. The girls and I decided that we should take pole dancing lessons. Which did, surprisingly, help my balance and I became less clumsy. I begged Paul to take me cliff diving, which he eventually gave into. Nobody can resist my puppy dog face. It was an absolute rush, We all stayed on La Push beach drinking until 1AM. Me, being the stupid idiot I am went straight to the vodka shots. Luckily I'm not that different when I'm drunk, I still get a killer hangover the day after.Sam rang up about 1:15 saying that Harry Clearwater had died of a heart attack. Every one had gone into shock. Jake dropped Angela and I off home, and that, ladies and gentleman, is where saving Fuckward's life comes in..."Just try and stay safe yeah? If anything happens, yell. I will come running in, treaty or not! They have been fucked off long enough for me to not give a shit!" Jake told Izzy looking at the familiar black car in distaste."I will. Jake, I'm not that stupid! I'm not about to let the fuckers ruin me again! I think they have done enough of that, don't you?" she replied, rolling her eyes as she stepped out of the car " Send my love to the Clearwater's for me? Leah and Seth must be in so much pain, I don't know what I would do without Charlie.""I will don't worry but I'm not leaving until you give the all clear.""Okay, love you." Izzy says through the window before turning to walk to the front door."Love you too!" she hears Jake shout. She laughed and rolled her eyes, the door was unlocked but Charlie's cruiser wasn't in. She walked in and turned on the lights and right there in front of me is Alice Cullen looking at me in shock."Are you going to move Cullen? I kind of need to put on some dry clothes" she said in a bored voice."B-but your d-dead! I saw you die! You jumped off a cliff! Why would you do that?" Alice shouts at her."Well obviously I'm not dead, because if I were I would not be here and much to my displeasure, talking to you" Izzy said rolling her eyes "It seems your power is failing you, and why? Simply because it's fun.""Fun? Fun! Bella are you stupid? You could have gotten yourself killed!" Alice shrieked."First off Cullen don't ever call me Bella again! That is not my name and hasn't been for a very long time! But I guess you wouldn't know that now would you? Second, don't ever call me stupid in my own house, I will call the police and have you for breaking and entering" Izzy says in a deadly whisper making Alice flinch."Everything alright here?" Jakes voice echo's through the door "I heard shouting" He said walking in to the living glaring at Alice."He's a dog!" Alice gasped at Izzy "Are you suicidal Isabella! Werewolves are dangerous company to keep!""You cant really say much, I hung out with you, didn't I?" Izzy replied walking up the stairs "Try not to kill each other, I'm going to get changed. I would appreciate it if the house was in order when I come back down. You know what? One of you just go outside, yeah?""Well you heard her dog, out you go." Alice told Jake who smirked at her."I think she meant you bloodsucker, it's been a while since you left, I think she trusts us 'dogs' more than she does parasites" Alice huffed and walked out.Izzy walked down in her dry clothes to see Jake on the phone. She had put on some stone wash skinny jeans with rips in them, they made her legs look miles long, a tight black tank top that showed her cleavage and a strip of skin before her jeans started, the whole outfit shower all her curves. On her feet were a pair of black ankle heels with a gold zip up the side and gold studs on the back, she wore a grey studded bracelet. Her lips were painted red and her hair was messed up like she had just had sex (outfit on my page). When Jake hung up he looked her up and down with a smile."You look nice. Paul would bang you straight away if he saw you now" He told her making her laugh."Why thank you, I know it seem a little too much but I have a feeling she want me to go with her" Izzy told him, he looked at her with his jaw hanging."And your going to go with her? Just like that? What about everything they put you through!" Jake asked her."Yes I'm going to go with her, that is if she ends up making me go. Just trust me Jake, I want to make them regret what they did to me" Izzy smirked making Jake shiver, they had finished talking when Alice appeared in front of them looking frantic."Bella you need to come with me! Rosalie told Edward you were dead, he's gone to the Volturi! He wants to die to." Alice cried, Izzy growled at her old name."I will go get my bag. Jake, you go tell the others everything I just told you, make them understand! Especially Jess! Alice, you go start the car" she told them before going upstairs. She packed some spare clothes, her make up, perfume and picked up her phone, it's charger and her iPod before she left."Love you" she told Jake when she got to him, they hugged and Izzy kissed him on the cheek before getting in the car "Tell the others I love them too and ring me! I have a feeling it will be an interesting night." she told him before Alice sped off. She plugged in her iPod so she wouldn't have to listen to Alice talk her ear off for the whole drive to the airport.She was listening to 'The Big Bang' by Rock Mafia when they pulled in to the parking lot of the airport. Alice dragged her out of the car and pulled her along to the tickets desk, when the tickets were brought and they went through security, Izzy decided to ring her dad.Bells? He answer after two rings Where are you?Hi Dad. Sorry if I worried you, especially with everything that's gone on todayIt's fine sweetie, are you going to tell me what's going on?Jake never told you?No hunny he didn't he didn'tOh... Well can you remember my friend Perrie?The poor girl who lost her mother in a car accident?Yeah her, well her grandmother was diagnosed with cancer last year but it was too late to cure it, I know with Harry just passing away this is hard for you, me going away but she rang me up in tears, her grandmothers got days left. Daddy she has no one there and you have all they guys from La Push to look after you, so I thought I would go to her, she really needs someone and it kills me not to be able to do anything, so I was thinking if I stay with her until her grandmother passes and look after her, maybe she could come live with us?That poor girl. I guess it's a sad day for everyone. I'm glad your such a good friend Isabella to give up your time like this. Of course she can come back! Did you have time to pack anything?I only did a small bag, I was in a hurry. I have only just got the plane ticket and I'm waiting now, I really wish I could of waited for you but I wanted to get to her as quick as possibleThat's fine sweetie, I'm just glad you told me and gave me a good explanation, plus your 18 now so I cant stop you anyway, not that I would, you know how much I like Perrie she was like a second daughter to me!Thanks Daddy! I love you!Love you too honey. Be safe!I will.When she hung up the phone she noticed Alice staring at her."What!" she snapped"That was a really good excuse! When did you learn to lie?" Alice asked her. Izzy just rolled her eyes and turned away 'I wish I was lying' she thought sadly"Your dad still calls you Bella!" Alice said suddenly"Yes that's because he's my father. He brought me into this world! He can call me whatever the hell he likes and I wouldn't care" Izzy said checking her painted black fingernails."Oh." Alice said "Urm, the family is already in Italy trying to stop Edward from doing it... I have a feeling that will only speed him up though, he cant hear your thoughts so you will have an advantage so when he see's you he should snap out of it""Fine" Izzy grunted, I t was like that the whole plane journey and car ride, Alice repeating the plan over and over. She was saying it again when Izzy snapped."Okay Alice I get it!" She hissed rubbing her temples trying to soothe the oncoming headache 'I knew I shouldn't have gone straight to the vodka' Izzy inwardly groaned feeling the hangover kicking in"Okay, here we are. Get ready to run" Alice told her"Wait, what? I ain't running for no one!" Izzy told the pixie sat beside her"Well your going to have to! Go now! Remember where I told you to go?""How could I bloody forget" she snapped"Then run.""FINE!" she shouted before she took off, she was slowed down by people covered in red cloaks, she was trying her best to push past the fuckers 'Stupid festival, stupid people, stupid VAMPIRES!' She mentally yelled as she ran up to a fountain, she saw the 109 year old virgin standing in the doorway getting ready to step out."Don't you dare!" she yelled at him making many people stare at her, she glared at them 'Great more fucking running' she thought as she sped towards him, jumping on him seconds before he stepped out into the sun."I said don't you dare! Move you fucking JACKASS!" Izzy yelled in to his ear."Bella?" He whispered"Don't call me that you prick! Get the fuck out of the sun" Edward wrapped his arms around her and smashed his lips to hers, stepping out of the sun. Izzy started smacking him on the chest."Get the fuck off me!" She tried to yell while he was attacking her with his lips, he finally stopped when someone cleared their throat in front of then but she was too angry to care."What the fuck do you think you are doing you prick! Did I say you could kiss me? No! Did I fuck, you touch me again and I will make you wish you weren't immortal!" She growled at him"What your mouth Bella" Edward replied calmly"Oh fuck no!" Izzy said advancing towards him with a sneer on her face, one of the cloaked figures grabbed her."Lets not break a fist shall we" a female voice said"I think I like her dude! Where did you snatch this one up?" The tall burly one asked Edward, making him growl."Felix don't get to the poor kitten, he had just been reunited with his love" another figure sarcasm clear in his voice."HA! Like hell! The day I become his 'Love' is the day hell freezes over and pigs learn how to fly" Izzy told them"Your right Felix, I like her as well. Its a shame she will have to die soon" the female voice said, Edward growled at her"Wow, doesn't that just make me feel warm and fuzzy on the inside" Izzy said sarcastically " and Edward, stop growling you sound like a rabies dog and believe me, that's offensive to dogs!" Felix and the other two vampires started laughing."Oh, please can we keep he Jane?" Felix asked the female with a puppy dog face."It's not up to me." she told him"Demetri?" He turned to the other vampire"Don't ask me!" Felix just pouted as Alice showed up."Shall we get going then? The Masters are waiting for you." Demetri told the pleasantly"Like hell! Bella go to the festival" Edward told her"Fuck off! You don't tell me what to do any more!" She said as she walked over to Jane and held out her arm "Shall we m'lady?""We shall m'dear" Jane giggled before taking Izzy's arm and walked off."Well that's a first" Felix said before walking off following the two girls, leaving Demetri to push the gobsmacked Edward and Alice through the castle.HOPE YOU ENJOYED THE FIRST CHAPTER!PLEASE TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK! R&R;!GOLDEN HAIRED PRONGSLET
