Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, or any of the character names used here. Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight and I'm just messing around with her characters names.As I looked out of my New York apartment towards the beautiful view, I couldn't help but think of all the things I had to give up for this. I can't bring myself to say that it was all worth it, but I do know that it was all needed. Everything that I did was needed. I wish I could say I was the happiest person in the world, what with all I achieved. But they are the lonely days like this that I wish I had never made that choice to leave everything behind."Bella?" I hear him say.I feel him come closer to me, and I know that his arms will encircle my waist a second before they do.I give a heavy sigh. I put my arms on top of his and whisper "Do you ever think I made the wrong choice?"I can't look at him. I'm afraid of what I might see.It's his turn to sigh. He rests his head on my shoulder and whispers "No." Then in a louder voice, "Look at where they are now, Bella?"This is true. The people we left behind where exactly where they wanted to be in life, where they belonged.I wiggled out of his arms and turned to face him."Are you happy?" I asked him looking him dead in the eye.He gave me a half smile, but it didn't reach his eyes."I'm happy for them." He finally said.I shook my head. "That wasn't what I asked."His eyes turned tortured looking and he said "I would have been less happy if I had stayed."His arms, now resting on his sides, lifted to cradle my face."Don't beat yourself up about this. You did the right thing, maybe not the right way, but still the right thing. We all did. We will be okay, Bella. I promise you."He has never lied to me. I doubt he ever will. We will be okay. But will we ever be great?Suddenly, there was a knock on the door, the blond hair popping through the door."Guys?" Rose asks wearily.I grab his hands and take them away from my face, giving him one last look of concern, before tuning to Rose."Yah?" I say."Everything okay?" she asks, slowly approaching us.I turn to him and he turns slowly looking at both of us and coming to grab our hands."It will be." He says firmly.And I believed him.
