A/N: This is a re-post as this story was deleted from my profile. This is a collaberation between me and daryldixonlover. Hope you enjoy.Thanks to katandjasper for beta'ing. You are the best.I don't own Twilight.Ever since they came back from Volterra things haven't been the same between Bella and Edward. He has become a stranger to her; he was possessive and controlling to the point of being abusive.At first she thought it was because of the fear of losing her after she jumped off the cliff and then having to race to Volterra to save him. Bella knew he feared for both of their lives and she thought everything would go back to normal once they were safely back home, but it only got worse after time.It started with little things like sticking by her side like glue, but then it started changing to the clothes that she wore and what she was allowed to say or when she was allowed to speak. Then he started controlling what and when she should eat, when she would study and who she could see. It got so bad that she now had no human friends and she was only allowed to go anywhere if either he or Alice accompanied her.One time when Bella tried to defy him he went into a rage that actually scared her and then he shook her so hard that her teeth rattled. Now it was to the point that he hit her, leaving bruises on her body and she was afraid for her life, but she knew that she couldn't escape.Bella's only escape was the times her dad forced her to go to La Push with him and once they returned she would pay for disobeying Edward and going. He didn't seem to understand that she couldn't refuse her dad without making him suspicious. Bella felt so alone and isolated, she couldn't even remember how long it has been since she has seen another Cullen beside Alice or Edward.Today was a sunny day and Bella knew she wouldn't see Edward or Alice so she happily agreed to go to La Push with her dad. She missed Jake and the pack and looked forward to spending some time with them, but she also dreaded returning home knowing that Edward would be waiting.For the first time since coming back from Italy she enjoyed her day and actually forgot about all her problems until they got back home and she saw the familiar silver Volvo waiting in the driveway of their house. Her heart started beating faster and her hands shook with the fear coursing through her body.Bella slowly got out of her dads cruiser and walked over to where Edward stood waiting. He kissed her gently on the cheek, but she could feel the tension in his body. He told Charlie that he wanted to take her out to dinner and Charlie nodded, but watched Edward warily, not trusting him fully but also not able to prove anything bad about him. He told Edward to have Bella back safely by ten.Edward dragged Bella to his car before shoving her roughly into the passenger seat, running to the driver's side before speeding off. They drove in complete silence until he parked the car at the familiar trail head and throwing her on his back he ran to their meadow where he roughly threw her on the ground, raging about how she disobeyed him again by going to La Push.Bella tried to explain to him that she couldn't refuse without raising suspicion, but it only angered him more and grabbing her arms he shook her hard, leaving dark bruises on her arms before punching her in the stomach, knocking the breath right out of her. He then forced her to her knees and undoing his pants he shoved his dick into her mouth, pumping in and out while yanking her hair hard to force her to comply.Tears were streaming down Bella's face and she gagged every time he pushed his dick down her throat, causing her to throw up in her mouth but he refused to stop so she was forced to swallow it back and when he finally came with a roar, pulling his dick free she threw up all over the grass with Edward standing over her telling her that he hoped she had learned her lesson and wouldn't force him to teach her another lesson like he had to today.He told Bella to compose herself before he ran them back to the car and drove her home, dropping her off with another warning not to disobey him before driving off with squealing tires.When Bella entered the house she was glad that Charlie was asleep in his chair, knowing that she wouldn't be able to hide the state she was in from him if he saw her now. She quietly slipped up the stairs, getting into a steamy shower and scrubbing her body and mouth several times, but even that didn't help her feel clean. Bella got dressed in her ratty sweats and T-shirt before getting into bed and crying herself to sleep.The next morning she got up, stiff and sore from Edward's treatment and got dressed in a pair of black skinny jeans, a black cashmere sweater and black low heeled boots with a vintage black leather jacket. At least Charlie wouldn't know any different.Bella made her way down the stairs grabbing a granola bar for breakfast as she didn't think her stomach would be able to handle more and grabbing her backpack she made her way outside where Edward was waiting to take her to school and she dreaded what this day would bring.Edward was waiting impatiently for her and she wordlessly got into the car as they drove to the school in silence."I'm taking you back to my house after school, the family is going hunting and Alice asked that I bring you over so that she could show you the clothes she bought you." Edward informed her as they parked.Bella stayed silent, dreading what would happen, but also hoping that Alice would help her escape from Edward's abuse, "Bella I am talking to you!"Bella flinched at the harshness of his voice and swallowed slightly to keep her nerves down, she was actually very afraid of Edward now."Yes Edward, I am listening." She said quietly before allowing him to drag her into the school building and to their first class.The day passed by in a blur and Bella couldn't remember much of what was taught. Her mind kept drifting to how Edward treated her over the last few months and how it was escalating to be more violent and demeaning. She kept trying to come up with ways to break things off with Edward, but she knew it wouldn't end well for her if she tried.As the last bell rang she got up with shaky legs and slowly walked out of the class only to be met with Edward waiting at the door. He placed a hand on the small of her back leading her to his car. To everyone else it looked like the loving gesture of a caring boyfriend, but Bella felt the steel grip pushing her to do as he wanted.Alice was already seated in the back as Bella hesitantly got into the car and stayed silent as Edward drove at a frightening speed towards the Cullen home. At the Cullen house Alice ushered Bella up the stairs toward her room, bouncing in her usual excitement to show her the clothes Edward and her had picked out for Bella in their most recent shopping trip and Bella stood frozen, gawking in utter shock at what she was seeing...
