A/N: Hi! So, you've all seen these little list things where you post facts about yourself. I remember (vaguely!) reading a 25 things about *insert character name here* a while back (like 2 years ago) and I really enjoyed it, so I thought I'd try it out for some of the Twilight characters. Tell me which ones you'd like to see. :)25 things about Alice Cullen1. Alice loves shoes. She loves them because shoes are pretty - they come in different colors, sizes, shapes, and styles. Most of all, she loves shoes because she spends a lot of time looking down at her feet. While her cheeks don't flame red when she's embarrassed, she tends to stare at her feet. And Alice gets embarrassed a lot - so why not look at something pretty?2. Alice doesn't like children. She thinks they are messy and loud and too much responsibility. The only exception may be Nessie, but even her sticky paws aren't getting on her dresses.3. Alice's first word as a human was Mama, according to written recorded therapy sessions at the asylum.4. Alice's first word as a vampire was Jasper. She likes the latter better, though she doesn't even remember her own mother.5. Alice doesn't like fortune cookies. She feels as if they mock her.6. Alice knows that Jasper loves her with all of his heart and that he will never stop, but she's terrified of him leaving her.7. Rosalie's personality didn't once deter Alice from being her friend, or sister, but her beauty intimidated her greatly. As a silent compromise, Alice didn't mention Rosalie's beauty and Rosalie didn't mention Alice's bubbly personality.8. Movies always bore Alice, and so she chooses never to watch them, instead opting to read or write her own material, as she never can guess the ending due to the fact that it is not actually in existence yet.9. Alice is a scatterbrain. She pretends she isn't, and never tells anyone when she is looking for something she has misplaced or having a temporary memory lapse on, but everyone knows: Alice is a scatterbrain.10. Alice's favorite things are: black and white TV shows, reading, writing, kitties, shoes, clothes, Jasper, lace, and candles.11. Alice's least favorite things are: snakes, know it alls, old people (they always tell her that she's too young to know anything), the smell of bacon, and James.12. Alice's favorite color is silver, especially when it's sparkly like diamonds. It reminds her of her own skin, and how beautiful it is now. Creamy ivory, flawless, and glittering like lovely gems.13. Alice would kill someone if they scratched her Porsche. Just thinking about that yellow car made her eyes glaze over in a dream like state. Yes, she's always loved her car.14. Alice likes driving fast. She likes the feeling of recklessness, she likes the wind in her hair and eyes, she likes sitting back and basking in the sun light and breeze. She likes closing her eyes, though her passengers don't seem to enjoy her little habit nearly as much as she does.15. Sometimes, Alice's imagination runs away with her, and she imagines a life of pure bliss, a life where she is no longer judged, no longer in hateful high school, but simply doing what she wants when she wants.16. Alice's family means the world to her and she would be damned (though Edward's got that covered that she will be anyway; they all would be) if anyone was going to take them away from her, no matter what.17. Alice likes being called Ali. It gives her a thrill that someone cares enough to give her a nickname.18. Alice hates being called CeCe. It sets her perfect teeth on edge and it makes her cringe. Alice was a timeless name, she told herself proudly, and she wouldn't be called CeCe just to ruin that.19. Alice always wanted a pet - in fact, she still does. Esme won't allow it. She says, "No, Alice, sweetheart, the poor creature would be ripped apart by the first hour!" And so Alice made do with Seth. He catches treats in the air, too.20. Alice thought necklaces were beautiful, and she loved that they could hold such sentimental value. Her Cullen family crest always took pride of place on her chest, and her wedding band lay next to it, held on by a chain. She couldn't wear it as a ring - people would be suspicious. A promise ring sat on her finger instead, but she always remembered to clasp her fingers around that modest ring that Jasper bought her so many years ago.21. When Alice went under her transformation, she was 19 years, four months, and twenty one days old.22. Alice believes that purses are windows to a lady's soul.23. Music is beautiful to Alice, and she cherishes every note she hears, and as the melodic harmonies soak through to her very being, she always smiles a little bit brighter.24. Alice loves Jasper Hale with all her heart ever since he gave her that first bunch of flowers - a tiny posy of freesias picked from the local forest they were trekking through.25. And finally, most importantly, Alice doesn't like lists.
