Disclaimer: Twilight not mine."I'm so over this rain." I stepped over the muddy puddle as I complained to my mother over my iphone. "I haven't seen the sun shine in a month. I'm not even kidding.""You're the one that decided to take the job there. You had an amazing opportunity here in Phoenix at Phil's office." She chastised.She was right. I did have an offer from him. The only problem with that is that I was his step-daughter. Not one person in his office would take me seriously. I wanted to make a name for myself...by myself.I sighed. I was done trying to explain this to my mother."Had you stayed here you wouldn't be in this mess.""Exactly what is that?""Pregnant. Unmarried.""Mom," I groaned. "I'm here. I'll call you later." I ended the call as soon as I pulled open the door to H&H; Attorneys at Law.oooooThe buzzer beeped as I sat at my desk filling in the information for the accounting worksheets."Miss Swan, Mr. Hunter would like to see you in his office. ""Thanks, Carmen."I finished what I was doing, grabbed the manila folder of my desk and headed to see Mr. Hunter."Hello, Victoria. Mr. Hunter requested to see me."Victoria responded by picking up the phone and letting him know that I was there, as she hung up she waved a hand towards his door. I took that as I could go in."Always a pleasure, Vicki." I said too sweetly and headed towards the shiny wooden double door completely ignoring the humph of dismissal from Victoria.She hated me and I couldn't figure out why. Unless she knew...but I don't know how she would. Or why she would really even care.As I walked in, I saw that Mr. Hunter was getting off a phone call. He was leaning over his desk to hit the end call button. I couldn't help but admire the man's physique as he did so.He had light brown hair with natural honey highlights. His hair was long for a man, down to his chin. He kept his face clean-shaven so it was hard to miss his chiseled features. His jaw was deliciously kissable. He was tall and muscular and devastatingly handsome. He starred in many dreams since I'd taken this job six months ago.And I knew it was wrong. So very, very, wrong.I turned around and closed the door slowly, smirking to myself for my thoughts. Before I could turn back towards him, I felt his hard body press against mine and I grinned wide. His hands roamed up my sides as his nose trailed up the back of my neck, through my loose curls find my ear where he whispered, "Did you bring me the requested information, Miss Swan?""I did." I lifted the manila folder to show him proof. "But you're going to have to work for it, Mr. Hunter."He turned me around quickly before backing me up against the door, sliding his hands under my thighs and lifting me up.I knew this routine well.My legs wrapped around his waist, my arms around his neck, and I was lost in him."I've been waiting for this all day." He said through his trails of kisses down my cheek, to my neck, as his hands were trying pull off my shirt."It's nine." I said with a laugh as I worked on the fly of his slacks."So." He said as his mouth went down my chest."You were with me not more than two hours ago.""So.""You're insatiable." I panted."For you, yes." His hand skimmed down to my stomach and he paused as my now visible baby bump was cupped in his hand. He looked up at me, maybe in awe, maybe in fear, but something showed in those deep blue's that made me feel uneasy. "He's getting big.""Or her." I reminded.He smiled. "Or her."There was no more coherent talk after that.oooooTWO MONTHS LATER..."Oh, this is too cute!" Rose held up a blue onesie that said "Make The Girls Go Loco"."It might be a girl, Rose." I countered."Oh, that's a boy in there! Trust me! Look at this one." She held up a superman onesie with a little cape sewn on."That one is cute. I'd even let my girl wear it." I said."I knew you'd like this one. I'm going to buy it." She hung it over her left arm. " I've never known a girl to be obsessed with a superhero until I met you."I laughed halfheartedly. "My dad's fault. He used to read me the comics before bed.""You've been a bit quiet all day," She asked. "What is going on?""It's nothing. I think it's just pregnancy hormones making me sensitive." I tried to evade."Sensitive over what?""I don't know. Everything." I looked over at her before focusing back on the tiny baby clothes. I held up an adorable outfit with a pink ruffle butt. "Cute."I did not want to talk about how flaky James had been lately. I had not seen him all week besides at work. Even then, it was all work and no play. He said he was stressing over his divorce and also had an important case he was working on. I still felt uneasy."That's so precious! How did your doctor's appointment go the other day? Did he tell you not to worry about the baby not being as active during the day?" She asked."Yes, he said everything looks great and the baby is probably sleeping. He said not panic unless it's been a few hours since I haven't felt a kick." My gaze met hers and and I added, "The same thing you told me.""I am an L&D; nurse you know." She reminded me. "I deal with pregnant ladies every day.""True." I nudged her."What does James think about the doctor's visits?" She asked. "Does he get all teary eyed seeing the baby and hearing the heartbeat?""Umm..." I went back to shuffling through the clothing racks. "He hasn't actually been to an appointment with me. He's a lawyer, an important one, so he doesn't really have time for it.""WHAT?" She exclaimed. "He can't make time for his own baby? Or his pregnant girlfriend?""Rose," I said in a Don't-Start tone."You know I wasn't going to say anything but I'm not a big fan of his. I'm your best friend and I've never met him. You're having his baby for crying out loud. You guys should be his top priority." She said seriously."We are, you know, but he's still going through the divorce. It's rough on him." I defended."And you. You're his dirty little secret. You really shouldn't defend him." She admonished. "I swear, Bella, you should have listened to me when I said to stay away from him."Ignoring the last jab and responded, "His ex-wife hasn't made it easy for him. The divorce was supposed to be finalized last week but she decided to demand more alimony and child support." I glanced at her. "She can't find out about us. She could use it against him. He has to be careful until the papers are signed.""Right. You and the baby have to stay a secret for how long? You know, don't answer that." She said, unconvinced. "And technically she isn't his ex-wife. Yet."Knowing she was right I changed the subject."You want a rice bowl? I'm craving Chipotle right now."ooooo"I'm nesting. Leave me alone." I said to Rose as she stood in the doorway to the baby's room. She was watching me fold, and re-fold all the baby blankets. They were neutral colors because I was not sure of the sex of the baby."It looks like your more than ready for this baby. You have everything. Diapers, out and ready, and you even have wipes in the warmer already. Think they might dry out before the little munchkin is here?" She teased."Oh shush!. I need to be ready. You realize this baby could be here in less than a month, right?""Shit. This has gone very fast." She looked feigned panic. "I don't think I'm ready for this." We both laughed."Ugh. Not fast enough." I groaned as another Braxton-Hicks tried to rip open my stomach. "I'm so ready. I'm not one of those pregnant people that love it. In fact, I hate all those perfect Barbie pregnant ladies. I want to punch them in the face.""Says the pregnant lady who only gained fourteen pounds." She said loudly. "And all in her perfect round baby bump. Why don't you punch yourself in the face." She offered."Ugh." I rubbed at my side."Let's go get that baby some cheesecake."An hour later and I was uncomfortable but happy."That cheesecake was so worth the pain I'm in right now." I said I was we stood up to leave."That it was." She said, standing up and pushing out her stomach. "I have a food baby." She rubbed her flat belly lovingly."Ha ha. I'm going to use the restroom. I'll meet you out front.""Again?" She laughed. "I'll pull the car around front."I walked about ten feet and stopped as I clumsily dropped my phone on the floor. Before I could bend down to get it, a woman was already handing it back to. I thanked her and as I did so My peripheral vision noticed the table in the corner. Less than twenty feet from where I stood, a man and woman sat close, leaning into each other, kissing sweetly. They were smiling and happy. The first thing that tipped me off was the familiarity of the man's golden hair and strong jawbone.No, no. I'm seeing this wrong.I stared as I willed my heart rate to slow down.He would never...Thump, thump.To everyone else it looked to be a blissful couple in love. To me, it was pure devastation and betrayal.Thump, thump.My heart sank and my brain was racing trying to come up with a reason for what I was seeing. A man bumped into me and I nearly lost my balance before the man caught me and was apologizing profusely. I turned to leave, glancing at the table in the corner once more and caught the deep blue eyes of James.Thump. I stared at him, shaking my head as if it would clear the image before me. He stood up to come to me but a feminine hand reached around his bicep to stop him. He paused and looked down to the red-head beside him, my eyes following his path. Victoria sat next to him, leaning in close, and whispering something in his ear before turning to me and giving me a knowing smile.I bolted out the door as fast as I could feeling my heart thumping in wreckage of the heartbreak.This is an E/B story. Hang in there. I'll post as often as I can.Stupid Bella. She should have worked for Phil. NEVER sleep with the boss. :)-Nik
