Warning: lemon in this chapter, nothing too heavy but stillA/N: O.K so please don't kill me! I know I need to stop with the new stories, but this was necessary!My first Twilight fic ever, so be nice.I'm sorry but I doubt that I'd ever write a fic where Jacob was a seme, that's just not going to happen. For me Jacob is like Rock Lee only not as perfectly adorable. Plus the mechanics make better sense to me this way. Vampires are supposed to have rock hard skin right? I mean I'm not a guy but I imagine shoving your junk into a tiny marble hole would hurt like a bitch.Its set... I'm not really sure when its set. Let's just say its set after Edward comes back. He never tries to kill himself for reasons that will be explained. I swear it all makes sense... Probably.Apologies spelling grammar and OOCness.Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of its characters. That right goes to Stefanie Meyer. If I did own twilight, I think we both know who Edward would be running after. I'll give you a clue: It's Jacob. Vampires wouldn't sparkle either, seriously that's just ridiculous."Will both of you just stop!" Bella yelled as she stood between the vampire and werewolf standing in her back yard, each of which was wearing a heated glare directed at the other. "God, you two are behaving like children."Jacob growled as Bella pushed him away from Edward urging him to take a step back. The vampire hissed at the sight of the girl's hand making contact with Jacob's bare chest.Bella fixed Edward in a glare as she pushed him away as well. "Why can't you two just get along for once or at least just behave? You're always fighting and I can't stand it!""Bells-"Jacob was cut off when the girl lifted her hands and snapped, "I don't want to hear it Jacob! Just once I'd like to be able to spend time with my best friend and boyfriend without you two going at each others throats. This whole vampire/werewolf enemies thing is getting old.""It's not about us being natural enemies." Edward said evenly as he kept Jacob in his gaze. "It's about you. The mutt simply won't accept the fact that I belong with-""Shut up leech!" Jacob growled with his fist clenched. "What the hell would a walking corpse like you know anyway?!""We both know the answer to that question.""ENOUGH!" Bella screamed causing both men to tear their eyes away from each other and look at her. Her face was flushed with anger while her brown eyes were starting to fill with tears. "I've had it with both of you!"Jacob's eyes widened and he moved towards her, "Bells, I-""Save it Jacob. You're my best friend and I care about you but you need to accept that I've chosen Edward. I love you I always will, but I'm in love with Edward!" Bella turned on her heel and glared at the vampire. "And you. You know how much Jacob means to me, but you still fight with him. Weren't you the one who said you'd do anything for me?"Edward gave a sigh, "Bella-""No Edward." Bella said as a tear slipped down her face, with a tone of authoritative finality in her voice that's never been there before. "You two are going to talk this out and get along and you're going to do it, right now."Before either of them could say a word Bella turned and walked back into the house slamming the back door as she did.Edwards shoulders slumped and he walked into the woods that were a few yards behind her house.Jacob glared at Edward watching as the vampire simply turned his back on him and walked away."This is all your fault Leech!"Edward paused briefly before he started walking again and let out a chuckle that sounded like the vampire wasn't sure if he should laugh or cry. "My fault?""Yes your fault." Jacob snarled as he followed the cold one into the woods, away from Bella's house. "Why did you have to come back?! Everything was-"Edward stopped and turned to look at the shifter, his piercing gold eyes causing Jacob to come to an abrupt stop. "You know exactly why I came back Jacob.""So what? You being here is just going to hurt her more."There was silence and something flashed in the vampires eyes, until he moved in a blur slamming the shifters body against a tree and pinning his arms above his head."What the-" Jacob gasped in confusion until he saw the position they were in and started struggling. "Get off of me, bloodsucker!""I'm doing this for you Jacob." Edward hissed as he glared at the Quileute. "You're the one who asked me to do this, to go back to Bella even though you know the truth."Jacob kept struggling, "I said get off!""Your the one who came crying to me begging me to go back to her, to make her better. Even though I left her for you in the first place."The shifter tensed and his glare intensified, "Shut up."Edward started leaning in, "You know she still has no idea. She doesn't know about the month's we spent together. Doesn't know that you'd come home to me everyday after spending the whole day trying to comfort her.""Shut up.""Bella doesn't know I'm only with her because you begged me to, because I could never refuse my mate. Even if he asks me to pretend to love someone else.""I said SHUT UP!"Edward sealed their lips in a kiss and Jacob squirmed under him fiercely trying to escape, until his body started to crumble the way it always did when Edward kissed him. The shifter moaned as Edward nipped at his bottom lip asking for entry which he received.A cool tongue traced the inside of his mouth causing the wolf to whimper as his legs went weak. Edward pulled away to give Jacob some time to breathe."I'd do anything for you Jacob."Jacob looked up into Edwards eyes as the memory of the first time the vampire said that came flooding back to him.Edward was standing with Bella, his arms wrapped around her tiny frame in a hug while honey gold eyes stared intently into Jacob's brown ones. "I love you. I'd do absolutely anything for you."The vampire smiled as he watched the memory play off in Jacob's mind but frowned when the shifter spoke with his head downcast. "Bella needs you."One of Edwards hands let go, while the other kept the Quileute's hands securely above him. He grabbed his chin to make sure they kept eye contact. "It kills me to be away from you Jacob."It was all Jacob could do was to try and keep his mind from turning into mush as he stared into Edwards eyes. The same eyes that somehow managed to take him to another world every single time. "Bella-""No, no Bella right now." Edward growled as he moved closer pressing their bodies flush together, his eyes softened as he brushed the back of his fingers against the shifter's cheek. "Just you and me."Jacob let out a sigh and instinctively leaned into Edward's touch, enjoying the feeling of the vampires cold against his heated skin."I've always known you were mine, Jacob." Edward leaned forward and placed a kiss on Jacobs forehead. "From the second I met you, I knew you belonged to me and I to you."Jacob rolled his eyes. "You already told me that.""I'll probably say it again at some point." Edward smiled. "I love you Jacob, I can't stand to be away from you.""I know that.""Then why-""Bella was an absolute wreck after you left." Jacob slumped against the tree and looked up into the leaves. "She was a mess and it was all because of me. Because her supposed best friend stole her boyfriend.""You can't steal something that's yours."Jacob gave an exasperated sigh, "She needs you more than I do Edward." The shifter pushed off the tree and walked passed the vampire.Edward caught Jacob's waist and pulled him back against his chest. The vampire nuzzled Jacob's hair and spoke against his ear. "No, I need you more.""Edward-""You have no idea what it's like Jacob, what it's like to kiss her even though I'm thinking off you." The vampire's cold hands started wandering up Jacob's chest, causing a shiver to run down his spine."The only way I can touch her is if I pretend it's you. I'm terrified of hurting her cause she isn't strong like you are." Edwards hand found one of the shifter's nipples and started twisting the tiny nub between his fingers, while the other hand drifted down towards Jacob's cut off's.Jacob whimpered at the vampire's touch, he won't be able to stop Edward if he doesn't do something quick. This was so wrong, here he is in the woods with Bella's boyfriend all over again."I'm your mate, not her boyfriend.""Edward, stop."Edward started kissing and sucking on Jacob's neck right at the pulse. "I keep imagining you when I kiss and touch her but its never the same. I miss holding you Jacob.""Edward please stop-""I miss touching you, tasting your skin." Edwards hand slipped under the hem line of Jacob's pants and he let his fingers trace a line around the shifters erection making the him gasp."Ed... please don't-" he was cut off when Edwards cold fingers suddenly wrapped around his cock pumping slowly."I miss making love to you Jacob," the vampire's voice dropped to a seductive whisper and Jacob knew it was too late. "I miss being inside of you. Hearing your voice, seeing that beautiful blush spread across your face every time I take you."One of Jacob's hands went up and grasped a hand full of bronze hair as his breath started coming out in pants.Edward's hips started rolling against the shifters toned ass and he let out a moan as Jacob shivered at the feeling of Edward's cock grinding against him."Do you remember the first time?" The vampire husked with a voice just drowning in lust. "God, you were beautiful.""You're always beautiful, but that time. Every time we make love. I swear I see heaven in your face." Edward started walking back towards the tree, still teasing Jacobs chest while keeping his hand job going. Distracting the shifter long enough to push his chest into the bark of the tree."Edward?" Jacob asked as soon as his skin made contact with the rough of the tree seeming to gain some coherency."That's when I know your mine, I can see it in your eyes." Edward pulled away and tugged down the shifters pants, before returning to press himself against the strong tan back. He kissed along Jacobs shoulders and neck. "You'd never let anyone touch you like I do. We belong together, you and me.""Edward." Jacob's voice filled with alarm and he tried to turn back only for the vampire to pull his back against his clothed chest as a cold hand wandered down between the cheeks of Jacob's ass."Bella isn't enough, she'll never be enough. Your my mate, you're all I'll ever need." Edward took his pants off so quickly Jacob hardly noticed when he moved, however he did feel the vampire unbearably hard cock against his back."Edward we can't." Jacob hissed even though he knew that Edward was too far gone to hear him. That sometimes scared him, those times when Edward wanted him so bad he'd just switch off and take him. Other times...it turned him on like you wouldn't believe.Edward was always so controlled and careful. It was fascinating to see what the telepath was like when he let his vampire take control. Jacob realised early on that he's the only one who's seen that side of Edward.The Cullens only see it when their hunting, but even that has a level of control to it. Bella's never seen it since losing control in front of her would probably lead to her death. But never with him, Edward's control would always slip when it came to Jacob. The vampire would let loose and claim his mate sometimes for hours at a time.And surprisingly enough Jacob loved it.The shifter gasped when a finger suddenly entered him and his back went rigid from shock."You know Rosalie and Emmet are always joking that we do it so often that I probably don't even have to prepare you anymore." Edward chuckled low in his ear. "If only they knew how right they were."Jacob flushed at the thought.Did Edward actually discuss their sex life with his siblings? Probably not since a locked door in a house full of vampires really didn't offer anyone any privacy anyway.He'll never be able to look Emmet and Rosalie in the eye again.Edward chuckled and another finger went in and began thrusting into Jacob's hole. The shifter leaned forward against the tree in front of him as tremors started running up and down his spine.Sadly Rosalie and Emmet were right, prep wasn't really necessary anymore. For some reason Jacob's body had become accostumed to sex with Edward, regardless of the shifter's healing abilities. Something that always struck him as odd but he never questioned it.Even if he wanted to, who would he ask? His father didn't know about Edward and heaven forbid he actually ask Sam.Suddenly the fingers were gone and Jacob's jaw clenched in anticipation, until it fell open when Edward entered him in one hard thrust.Jacob slumped into the tree, but he moved his lower body away when his erection started brushing painfully against the bark. He arched his back away from the tree, effectively steering Edwards cock straight into his sweet spot."Edward..."The vampire moaned at the feeling of Jacob wrapped around him. The shifters unnaturally high temperature burned through him, making it feel like some of that heat was his own. Another thing he loved about Jacob, the teen had the ability to make him feel human again.He leaned back over Jacob, kissing and licking down his back as he made long hard thrusts into the body beneath him.Jacob moaned and gripped the tree a little harder as Edward moved inside of him. Admittedly he missed his vampire too.He missed talking with Edward, kissing him, touching him, running his fingers through that beautiful bronze hair. He missed the days he'd spend lounging around the Cullen mansion with Edward by his side."Ah..."Edward quickened his pace and Jacob's body began to rock along with each thrust.He also missed this too.It was quite the shocker when Jacob discovered that he preferred to be on the receiving end of hot werewolf-vampire sex. Not that he wasn't capable of topping, he was and its not for a lack of dominance on his part either.It was just nice to be... Edward took care of him, made sure that Jacob felt good. It was a nice feeling to have someone else take care of you for once. To feel treasured and precious.Jacob had spent so long taking care of his dad and following the pack. It was rare for someone else to be so eager to please him and Edward did that. Sometimes when they did this, it felt like the vampires only mission was to pleasure Jacob and make him scream.Edward bit down over Jacob's pulse, but not enough to break skin and started sucking on the bruise until it was huge and practically glowed red."Mine."The vampire whispered, his trusts got harder and faster as if to emphasis what he said."Edward!" Jacob cried out as his prostate was assaulted causing heated pleasure to flow through him in waves.Something tightened in the pit of his stomach and Jake could feel Edward start to tremble as he neared his release."Mine." Edward grabbed Jacob's chin and pulled his head to the side to give the shifter a passionate kiss. Moments later they both came, screaming as they released."Yours."Jacob's legs gave out and he fell fortunately Edward caught him. Only for the vampire to sink down to the ground with the shifter on his lap.They sat there quietly, Jacob's breathing returned to normal as Edward traced circles around on Jacob's inner thigh as they rode out their orgasm. Once he'd recovered Jacob made to stand only for Edward to pull him back down. The shifter sat in his lap and Edward smiled that crooked smile, before giving Jake a kiss.He wrapped his arms around Jacob's waist and pulled him closer but the shifter pushed him away."We have to get back to Bella, she'll be looking for us soon if she isn't already."Edwards eyes instantly narrowed at Bella's name, "When."Jacob's face scrunched up in confusion. "Right now, of course.""No," Edward growled. "I mean when are we telling her. I can't keep going on like this Jacob.""I know, but-""Its not fair to us or her, we have to tell Bella. Not to mention your father and the pack will need to know soon.""We'll tell her O.K." Jacob's lips pursed in a thin line. "Just not yet.""Fine, I'll wait." Edward relented as he stroked Jacob's cheek. "But you'll need to tell Billy and the pack sooner rather than later."The shifters eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "Why?"Edward stared up at Jacob, eyes intense and calculating. "They need to know if were going to make this work, Jacob. You said that Sam smelled me on you remember? We can't have them thinking I'm attacking you on a daily basis. Besides Billy's your father he has the right to know first."Jacob gave a sigh, "I guess your right.""Yes I am." Edward gave Jake a quick kiss and the shifter frowned."You know they're going to kill me, right?"Edward laughed, "No they won't.""How do you know?"The vampire smiled, "Because I'd kill them if they tried."A shiver ran down Jacob's spine, something in Edward's tone told him that he wasn't joking."Plus you could always just come and live with me once you've told them, to wait for them to cool off." Edward said as he stood up making the shifter stand as well.Jacob's eyes widened and he smiled. Sometimes he wonders what it would be like if he wasn't Edwards mate, luckily he doesn't have to. "Thank you Edward.""There's nothing to thank me for. My family already loves you and I said I'd do anything for you, didn't I?" Edward wrapped his arms around Jacob and held him close as he took a deep breath of his mate's scent. "Anything to keep you."XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxWhen Edward got home late that night he was greeted by a grinning Rosalie and Emmet at the foot of the steps, with a not so happy Alice following close behind."Something smells good." Emmet said as he sniffed the air and action that was mimicked by Rosalie."The puppy must be in heat." The blond said with a smirk. "Careful Edward, wouldn't want to have to get Jacob neutered now would we."Edward rolled his eyes as he walked passed them towards the den, flopping down on the couch. With Alice keeping a watchful eye on him."I don't smell much of Jacob though and Edward does seem awfully relaxed." Emmet noted after taking a deep breath, he gave Edward a large grin. "Hey bro, can he still walk this time?"Rosalie gave a dramatic sigh, "Maybe Edward's the one who needs to be neutered or else I'm afraid Jacob's ass will never survive."Edward simply ignored them. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the couch."Wow, not a single insult or brooding glare." The blond gave an approving nod. "Jacob should put out more often if this is the effect he has."Emmet gave a hearty laugh and Alice suppressed a smile as she watched the two disappear upstairs. Now wasn't the time, Edward's behaviour is unacceptable.The pixie walked up to Edward and waited for him to look up at her, when he did he found Alice staring at him with a motherly look on her face."What?""I don't approve of what you're doing Edward."The telepath closed his eyes, "He already promised that we'd tell Bella and his-""That's not what I'm talking about and you know it." Alice gave a soft sigh, "That vision isn't supposed to happen for at least another year and yet you keep trying to push the deadline closer. It's not fair of you to try and trap Jacob like this."Edward growled, "I'm not trapping him.""Yes you are," Alice gave another sigh. "I understand your impatience, he's your mate. Its only natural to want to keep him with you, but trapping him like this is wrong.""Again I'm not trapping him. It's bound to happen at some point, your vision proved that.""But not for another year Edward. Jacob's body is changing faster than it should be at this point, all because you are forcing it to."Edward didn't say anything just stared off to the side in an almost infant like way. You could practically see the pout on the vampire's face.Alice crouched down in front of Edward, "You want Jacob to be happy don't you?""Of course I do.""Then stop rushing things and let time take its course."Edward gave a sigh, "Fine."Alice smiled and gave a quick nod. She stood up and made to go upstairs when the pixie suddenly stopped. "I have to agree with Rosalie though. Carlisle will have to have you neutered if Jacob wants to retain the ability to sit."Edward snatched a pen off the coffee table and threw it at Alice's retreating head just as Rosalie and Emmet burst into laughter upstairs.A/N: there it isSo I'm NOT a twilight fan, but the fanfiction is awesome so I had to give this a try. Never watched a single one of those movies but I have read the books and those are O.K.Gotta say if Jakeward was an actual thing I'd probably be addicted to twilight. I already wrote the next two chapters which focus more on the title but those are more about the pack and the rest of the Cullens. It'll be a three part thing but I wanna see what you think before scarring anyone anymore than I already have.Tell me what you thinkPlease review.
