Before someone comments I do know it is completely unrealistic and currently impossible, for someone in their twenties, late or otherwise, to be a Crown Court Judge in the UK, I just didn't think making Bella older was going to work. My LadyI was sat in a tall revolving chair of green fabric, looking down upon a huge room. It began with a raised platform with my seat in the middle and one door to the left. This was the bench and mine which saw to the room's end which was simply two double doors. They were hard to see with a wood and glass dock in the middle. Ignoring the seats in the far left and right I turned my attention to the three benches just in front of the middle, the front of which were occupied today by two barristers. Both of whom were properly dressed but were not addressing a jury today, which would have been to their right."My Lady, I would like to make an application to dismiss all the charges against my client, the crown has insufficient evidence to even bring a case against Mr Smith." I looked down at the stern faced woman speaking in a rapid tone. I noticed her wig was slightly angled but said nothing."My Lady, we have DNA samples on the weapon used to break Miss Telis's leg along with several witnesses who say they were fighting in public less than an hour before the assault." The other man, also wearing a white wig, began looking annoyed. Of course he did, the claim would dismiss his entire case."The bat used belonged to my client, it would have been more surprising if his DNA was not on it!" she countered, I wanted to point out the DNA in question was blood and it had been held so tightly wooden splinters had buried themselves in Mr Smith's hand. The balding, stubby man in question was looking up at me from behind the glass walls of the dock.I considered for a few long moments and then I frowned, adjusted my powdered white wig and spoke. Mine almost matched the ones the barristers before me wore but instead of curls which trailed downwards, just touching the back of the neck, mine was fluffed and just covered my hair. It and the trailing red robes, with long black straps running down it, were the attire of Judge. It looked very regal, but was hell in summer."Miss Blakely I'm not sure what ground your bringing this application forward, the crown from my position seems to have sufficient evidence to go before a jury." I pointed out, she was trying to confuse me and who could blame her. I was the youngest Judge serving in the country; I wasn't even thirty but was fortunate enough to get on a fast track programme straight from college, or university we say here.Moving to Britain had seemed right at the time. I had spent much of high school since him depressed but when it counted I put the effort in, the next thing I knew I had an offer from Cambridge University and moving just seemed right. So I had spent time studying, then I was a barrister with my own wig and everything, that lasted for five years and after two more years of extensive training I was appointed a Judge. Charlie still thought the Queen herself had presented me with the wig of a Judge, though the problem with being so young was many of the older barristers tried to take advantage."So I am going to dismiss your application, I will of course submit a ruling on this. Now are there any other matters you wish to discuss." I was suddenly hoping to get the morning off, my afternoon was going to be packed out with the plea hearing of a murderer. My first murder trial, I had been given the ticket not a week ago,"Yes My Lady, I would like to make an application of bad character, I have submitted my skeleton argument already." The prosecution barrister rose and I held up the meaty brown file which contained the item in question,"Yes, three counts of harassment, two of stalking and he has been arrested twelve times, all of them are related to actions which the police at the time believed to be related to domestic abuse. I have received this argument, Miss Blakely?" I questioned once again looking down at the woman,"I fail to see how they would be relevant and would have a far more prejudicial effect than anything else. Whether or not it shows propensity the Jury will label my client an abuser immediately, this application would deny him a fair trial.""My Lady, the application will not make this trial unfair. It will simply show to the Jury this man has a history of committing crimes of,""Of which he has never been charged with a violent offence!" Blakely rudely interrupted standing up and she earned the dirty look I threw at her."Let the Crown finish Miss Blakely. After careful consideration, under the Criminal Justice Act 2003 I have decided to grant the application of bad character as I believe it shows the defendant has a propensity to commit offences against women. Therefore it has substantial probative value. However I also agree that prejudice must be avoided, so the twelve arrests are not included in this application and cannot be mentioned at trial." I explained, thankfully having reached that judgement already. I waited for angry mutterings from either party."Now then, if there is nothing else I shall rise." I stated and after hearing no response I stood up and was joined by the rest of the courtroom."Be upstanding in Court," the black robed usher announced before sweeping through the room to hold a door open at the end of the bench. Then I took a breath and walked towards my chambers, though before I could sit down I was joined by my clerk."Good morning My Lady." Lizzie was her name, a law student of nineteen who worked part time, she had in her hand a very intimidating folder. I took it and placed on my desk, it was a mess now with cups, papers , pens and a computer which took up far too much space. The rest of the room was a world apart, a formal red carpeted room with an overflowing bookshelf on one side, bearing all the laws and case studies needed."You are fine to call be Bella in here." I smiled, My Lady was so formal but the Central Criminal Court had rules I supposed."I know but, people listen," she half whispered as I scanned the opening page. The Crown V Jane Tate, murder it was the case for the afternoon and finally I was getting the actual file."Whose Alice Brandon?" I asked aloud,"She's a barrister just out of her pupilage, I saw her in the last trial. I thought she was very good,""Jane Tate, this is second trial isn't it?" I questioned, apparently someone had got to the Jury, the woman was accused of murder and yet there were no links to organised crime. Plus the woman was on legal aid! It was odd to say the least,"Yes My Lady," Lizzie confirmed seeing someone briskly walk past the room."Thank you Lizzie, I'll see you later," I smiled while dismissing her and then turned to the file it was going to take some reading.Crown V Jane Tate"Be upstanding in Court," I slowly walked into the courtroom, the file in one hand and a muttered thank you to the usher was all that took up the time between me being seated and turning to address the courtroom. Then I froze, my eyes widened and for a second I was speechless.Alice Brandon turned out to be a young looking girl, who must be using something to look old enough to be out of school, with a pixie haircut hidden behind a white wig, very fair skin and hazel eyes. Everything else looked... perfect."My Lady are you alright?" Lizzie turned to me with a concerned look and I took a breath, I nodded and began with a shaky start. What the hell was she doing here?"Would the parties please announce themselves?" I asked eventually, glaring at Alice who was transfixed on me with the same look I had given her."I am James Peterson, representing the crown and my learned friend Alice Brandon appears for the Defence." A tall, thin man announced loudly standing, looking at Alice with a look that bordered on flirtatious. He was interested it seemed and had to fight a sudden urge to tell the well groomed man what he was getting into, though he quickly sat down and played with his wig. Brown hair was visible beneath it."Please proceed." I requested wondering just how I was going to deal with this, Alice was here! I had to get out of the trial but I couldn't tell anyone I used to be her friend. They would look at me and then her, sure I didn't look that much older but I did not look her age."Jane Tate you are charged with murder contrary to Common Law, the particulars of the offence are you, on the night of the twenty second of November, murdered Nicholas Chadworth. On this indictment how do you plead; Guilty or Not Guilty."A middle aged woman with a mop of mousy reddish hair was standing, her frail frame and rounded face guaranteed a sympathy factor but to me there was something wrong. She wasn't a vampire that was clear but there was something else."Not Guilty!""I would like to make an application of bail," Alice announced recovering from her shock and rising, I looked actually shocked for a legal reason this time. I raised a hand to stop the prosecution from objecting."Miss Cul... Sorry Brandon, your client is charged with murder, I may have considered it but I remind you the last trial collapsed due to jury tampering. I cannot see reason why Bail should be granted." I stated immediately and Alice looked almost hurt, I almost felt bad for some reason."Miss Tate is an upstanding member of the community,""I'm sorry Miss Brandon unless you can offer me a substantial argument that both that your client will not be a danger to society if given bail, I remind you she is charged with a serious offence, and also that there is a minimal risk that the jury shall be tampered with again. Can you assure me of these things?" I asked sternly"No," Alice stated somewhat reluctantly,"No, what?" I asked feeling a need to do this, maybe it was spite but in fairness her entire family had left me without so much as a goodbye."No My Lady.""In which case bail is denied. Are there any further matters?" I asked aloud and was met by silence, then I got to my feet."Be upstanding in court. All business before her honour, justice of this court, is concluded. God Save the Queen." The usher's words were half lost on me as I focused on what the hell had just happened. Alice Cullen had just appeared out of nowhere and suddenly my old life was catching up. It just couldn't be happening.
