A/N: Hey guys I came up with inspiration for this a while ago- I hope you love it. It's a repost because I didn't really edit that one. Or explain that the characters are a little OOC 'cause I changed there ages to make it convenient to my plot. Disclaimer: While Twilight may teach you that love bites- I don't own the rigths to it. Narrator POV: Sophie Welch, was dumbest smart person you'll ever meet. She wasn't on the honor role, she wasn't exactly "Street Smart" either because she was a bit too naive to notice all the dangerous things that took place ON the street. But Sophie did know what to do to try your best and all that crap. And that's why with one look Leah Clearwater hated her.She smiled too brightly for ANY sane person at 7 o'clock in a Math class, none the less with all angry eyes glaring at her because, Sophie Welch was in fact the only "Pale face" attending La Push's high school, and Leah hated that she could. And she could just because she was frickin' Bella Swans cousin who Bella didn't want in the cross hairs, of whatever issues she was causing these.Yes, it was safe to say Leah did not like the girl one bit.So when Sophie snorted at some stupid flirty freshman boy's joke about Leah pretty much being a guy; well a guy who couldn't punch well- Leah got up and squarely hit Sophie in the face. Even though Leah knew it wasn't her fault, and that joke had been going around for weeks. So Leah of course was cursing out her luck when Sophie came in bleeding everywhere because the vice principal was insisting that Leah apologize... and Sophie asked "What for? because all Leah was doing is proving a point. Lesson Learned." Leah decided to change her mind, and like her after all. So that's how Sophie Welch ended up at the Clearwater's house after school for cookies.The days dragged in school, but Leah found herself liking Sophie more and more in the week. Sophie was the most extroverted Introvert there ever was. She was way too over the top, a drama queen in the little ways; dishing out commands rather than taking them. But she enjoyed reading, writing and staying to smaller groups.Sophie Welch, was an odd duck.Leah Clearwater, was a lone wolf.The girls became the talk of the school, Sophie was 5'6" warm light brown hair that was layered over her shoulders, and was either classified as a 'girly girl who hated fashion,' or a 'tom boy who hated sports.' She had great big hazel eyes that twinkled with some inside joke and trust that everyone seemed to notice. Hence the reason for her talking to anyone who was in an earshot if they looked lonely. Not only that but she was a miracle worker for being able to be friend Sophomore Leah, as a little freshman. Leah was 6'1" her short black bob of hair hug tight by her suspicion filled chocolate brown eyes. Her intimidation should have sent EVERY freshman for the hills. But Sophie didn't leave.Sophie hadn't exactly been to Leah's house besides the one time for cookies, and ice for her chin after school. Still she was prescient, and Leah had liked she had someone to her own, outside of the wolf pack. So it was with heavy footsteps that she allowed Sophie to come, after the girl threatened to cry until she made Embry ask Leah to homecoming."So this is the great Leah's lovely abode," Sophie joked giggling as Leah rolled her eyes."Whatever," Leah snorts cracking open a can of Pepsi."Leeeeah, didn't you think it would be nice to get ME one," Sophie stomped her feet, "fake whining" all the way to the fridge and grabbing one for herself. Leah rolled her eyes- but it was a happy announce that was until the can ended up being shaken, and Sophie began spraying it all over Leah instead. Causing Leah to do the same, which lead to the weird shaped Pepsi stains that ever were on the Clearwater's carpet.In the following 2 months the girls started to do everything with each other, sleepovers, homecoming, mud fights in the rain, and Leah even dragged Sophie out to the ice hockey game they had 20 minutes up north from here. Leah was still doing everything in her power, unbenounced to Sophie so no one would know about her, and scare her (Over even worse order her) away."HEY LOSER," Sophie joked bobbing up and down as she ran to Leah and wrapping her waist in a big hug. Cause that's the type of girl Sophie is (A hugger) Leah awkwardly shoves her away and Sophie makes an ugly duck face at Leah to show her annoyance."How come I never see your family around," Sophie asks skipping to keep up with Leah. Because that's what Sophie does when faced in the choice of skipping or running; she skips."How come I never see yours," Leah snaps and freezes. Sophie doesn't miss a beat though and replies."Cause there six feet under so I'm living with my uncle Charlie, who doesn't like you at the moment," to add the sickly sweet effect she flutters her eyelashes and Leah shakes her head."'Kay squirt," She hip bumps her and finds herself wondering once again what draws her in to this strange little girl.Sophie has never seen a horror movieLeah's favorite films are all horrorsSo On Friday October 1st Sophie rang Leah's doorbell, already in her freaking Pikachu onesie, with her big hipster glasses shining in the twilight as a VERY confused Sue Clearwater answered the door."Oh," Sophie's eyes grow wide."You must be Mrs. Clearwater," She smiles and hold out her hand, before shrugging and walking in when Sue doesn't move.Sophie already found this place like a second home to her, she doesn't know why, because even UNCLE CHARLIE'S didn't feel like a second home. Sue was still standing confused as ever at the door and really afraid because as far as she knows, some sales rep for onesies just walked into her house."So did Leah tell you I was coming over tonight," Sophie asked wide eyed as Mrs. Clearwater took in her smaller then average size, and dimples as she smiled."Nooo- are- are you a friend of hers," she asked; confused to say the least Leah NEVER had friends from school.Sophie's smile faltered for a second before she shrugged."Leah's been my best friend for months," Sophie declared. This was all news for Mrs. Clearwater."Well she uh- had to go to work, and emergency-" Sue sighed, Leah could have at least told her something; now she was stuck lying for her... But then she remembered."Sophie? The girl Leah punched? Then had over after school?" Sue remembered THAT phone call at least, and the odd little girl saying Leah didn't have to apologies, and then the tiny freshman eating cookies on her stool."The one and only... I should call Charlie- I don't have a ride back to Forks. I mean I could borrow Seth's pair of 'angel wings' every claims he must have... and Leah threatened to rip off," Sophie sighed and Mrs. Clearwater laughed. Actually laughed. Sophie had already pegged her family, and was making Leah happier. Who knew she's all it took."No, no why don't you stay," She nods to the couch, as Sophie laughs thank you, placing an overnight bag there. So this is why Leah was sneaking around, and slightly happier, or should she say less bitter. Sue thought maybe Leah had imprinted- ah well, this was a close second."PLEASE TELL ME SHE'S NOT-" Leah bursts through the door out of breath."But she is," Sue snaps at her daughter who was bringing in a trail of leaves."Leah," Sophie's eyes widened as she laughed."Go get in your PJ's! I got this," she gestured and before Sue could say 'nah I got it' she was half done, cleaning up the mess in the kitchen buzzing around with so much natural non wolf energy, Sue hadn't seen since- well probably since Seth still believed in Santa Claus.After talking while Leah got ready Sue decide she liked Sophie. She helped out, always had this cherry smile that looked like it belonged on her face, and still had all the innocence of youth her kids missed out on. She was perfect for Leah- as long as Leah didn't rub off on her. So she went to bed with a cup of decaf coffee and let the girls watch their movies.The last thing she heard was Sophie's squeak just a bit too loud to be enjoying herself, "THE PURGE IS STARTING."Seth on the other hand didn't know they had company even at midnight. So when he was getting up and pounded down the stairs flicking on the light as hearing a blood curdling yell was proudly just as scary for him, as it was for Sophie who was sure Seth was the man from Saw coming to kill her. Seth was even more confused to see a full grown Pikachu, clutching Leah's pillow with tears, rocking back and forth on the couch."Turn it off, turn it off, turn it off," Sophie screamed into the pillow"WHIMP," Leah laughed trying to get her to joke back and calm down turning to Seth desperately."Wait to go, you broke her. Shame on you scaring a little girl like that," Leah called trying to make the blame fall on Seth when there Mom was sure to get up."What- I- LEAH!" Seth cried."We're gonna die- am I dead already," Sophie muttered uselessness into the pillow.Seth and Leah both shared a loaded look. Seth's seeming to say 'So this is who you tried to hide from the pack' and Leah snorting saying 'I wanted one non wolf freak friend okay'"G-g-guys, are you still here," Sophie sniffled as Seth and Leah we're rather quiet.She looked up pressing her hands under her "Nerd glasses" to catch the falling tears, and that is when Seth Clearwater Imprinted.Only 4 things were sure to Leah Clearwater in this moment:Sophie was Seth's imprintLeah was Sophie's best friendAnd Seth was Leah's brotherWhile Sue was blissfully unaware snoring."YOU DIDN'T! MY ONE FRIEND! SETH CLEARWATER!" Leah hollered.'Didn't what' Sophie thought as some blood spattered across the screen making her feel nauseous. Sophie's whimper caused Seth to almost growl at Leah."Leah how could you force her to watch this stuff," he sat next to her and was surprised at how quickly Sophie buried herself into his side, using him as a shield from the horror movies. Sophie didn't mind that she was scared if Leah, and Seth would be there to save her, but she didn't think this was the best time to mention that. Sophie was unaware to the 'Epic' stink eye glare battle about her going on, so it scared her when talking started roughly again."I don't- I mean- choose-" Seth gasps."C-choose what," Sophie's voice still quivers as she snuggled deeper so she was more, behind Seth, smushed between the couch and Seth, more than next to him. Leah was shaking so bad at this point all she could manage to think was her normalcy was SETH'S... it wasn't hers at all.Seth protectively shifts standing."Leah," he soothes, but all his mind was focusing on, was Sophie's crying from behind him. Well FAR behind him, as he nudged Leah outside, just as she exploded, and Seth not far behind."Oh. My. God. You're a WOLF. WOLF. I mean WOLF!" Sophie gaps behind them, making BOTH Leah and Seth freezing, whining at realizing what they did."YOU DID WHAT," Sam roars in Leah's head watching the girls heaving frame. Admittedly Sophie looked worse for the wear BEFORE the wolf thing thanks to the horror film marathon. Sam howled hard.The pack recently found out in moments of panic, or harm BOTH pack minds were connected meaning Leah was worried enough Sam's pack could see Sophie, and Seth as of now."What?! Leah? Seth?" Jacob barked, as Sam faded into just Jacobs mind.Leah and Seth's minds we're in a full out panic, blurred mess of words."One-" Jacob sighed as Leah growled, showing him HER secret, and how SETH being the annoying baby brother imprinted."Sounds like a you problem Jake-" Sam laughs, their connection becoming weaker as they realized it wasn't a problem."He imprinted so she was gonna know sometime-" and that's when Sam Uley's mind drifted out.Seth knew Sophie was his imprint.Leah knew Sophie was her friend.Sophie knew they were both wolves...and Jacob knew that Sophie could cause A LOT of trouble.Seth knew it, from the moment they linked eyes, and he really saw her. That was HIS imprint, the girl Leah had been sneaking around was his imprint. The girl they both just phased in front of-"What's happenin' now kid," Jacob barked as Seth flopped down on the ground his head between his paws trying not to look any more intimidating the he had too.Suddenly Seth was seeing things on Jacobs side. Edward must have been reading the pack thoughts because..."Seth imprinted," Edward gasped and the Cullen girls bombarded him, and Jacob with questions.Who was she?How old did they know her?Did he?Can she come over?Does she like shopping?"I can't believe it," Bella sighed Seth always seemed like a little brother she never had, cute, and innocent. Not someone who was gonna imprint. "Our little Seth's growing up," Alice jokes elbowing Bella in the side.Jacob snorted or as close to you could in wolf form 'Do YOU even know anything about her Seth,' he thought.Seth didn't really- Leah did- and she couldn't help but let go of some of her memories with Sophie. How she was probably the bubbliest freshman ever, or how she was almost always absolutely glowing with laughter. Leah remembered how weird she thought Sophie was the first time she smiled because her eyes completely closed when she half laughed, and you couldn't see the beautiful green, gold mix that danced as she poked out her tongue at some freshman guy."Is she cute," Alice bounced, and Edward smiled, "Yeah... she cute," he agreed with Seth's thoughts who was far eager to prob Leah for more."And he promises to bring her here if we don't bug him until he's READY," Edward lied and Seth barked a thanks though the mind link."Boooooo," Alice yelled out the front door at Jacob even though it was clearly meant for Seth.Sophie on the other hand was still hyperventilating and quote frankly looked like she'd walk through hell.'Dude what did you do to her,' Jacob thought racing towards La Push to help them out. Both of there minds raced with explanations of Leah's new friend, and the horror movie night- stopping at the little balled up girls form- calmly she sat there her head on her knees staring ahead at the wolves. Her face pale and clammy as she sat- you'd think she was a statue expect for the ragged breaths she drew unevenly.Jacob phased human before walking into the yard both of his hands up- but Sophie didn't even flinch she just kept watching her wolves."Hey- I'm uh- a friend of Leah's and-" He started forgetting all about his little 'planned' speech he made a second ago, but Sophie's head snapped towards his a blank expression on her face besides her wide off putting eyes."I guess It's too late to unsee that horror movie I was watching earlier to make this easier," she joked but her voice was so monotone it took a while before anyone in the yard even realized what she said.Jake laughed once-a hard tension breaking laugh-the type you make when you're just desperate for the sound."Wolves," Sophie breathed her minds racing to Uncle Charlie saying to not read too much into the La Push voodoo about the Wolf people, they were all just superstitious."Yeah our legends explain all about it- I'm sorry you had to find out this way. Over emotional wolves do this kinda thing and-" Jacob starts but cuts himself off reaching out to help Sophie who seemingly decided it was time for her to get up instead."Yeah my Uncle sorta mentioned them once," She breathed her eyes trailing near the trees Seth, and Leah disappeared behind to go find clothes stored in the woods.Jacob carefully set her back down on the top step before the porch door as he got Sue Clearwater.Who for a woman her age still knew how to curse more colorful than a sailor with a bad mouth as Jacob summarized the nights events- and she started a pot of tea she meant to calm Sophie- and then throw the rest at the children who probably scared her new future family member for life."So you just 'poof' into wolves," Sophie asked as they all gathered around the Clearwater kitchen table, she never looked up from the memorizing motion of the teas bubbles swirling around between forced sips. Sophie couldn't shake the feeling that they all were watching her though, and she didn't want to meet any of their eyes, while she was afraid of them- she was scared she didn't know what this meant for her- or Charlie- or Leah, or Seth, or Sue, or even now Jacob.Sophie had a lot of questions;To which they had all the answers.As the early hours of the morning dragged on- Jacob was surprised at how well Sophie took it. She treated it like a science experiment that needed figuring out- and a Disney movie where certain pieces of information and magic were given and expected like it always happened.Seth on the other hand could barely keep his food down- she was taking it too well compared to the other Imprints who had the secret revived in safe situations with warnings. Not only that but not once did Sophie meet his eyes, sure she asked him questions but she mainly watched Leah or diverted her eyes to her 3rd cup of tea she'd been nursing.Leah couldn't decide her brain kept bouncing back and forth on whether or not this was a good thing. Sophie was her best friend- and her only friend outside of this wolf nonsense before all this. Now that she was on the inside- well she's have to share.Sue was overjoyed Seth imprinted on a girl LEAH deemed worthy- on a girl who'd put up with LEAH. Sue knew anyone who could weather her daughter with a smile was definitely a miracle match for Seth- and definitely wouldn't be deteriorated (well at least for long) just because her children morphed into dogs.Sophie's mind was completely different then anyone else's on the pure fact that she couldn't keep it on straight with so much information- she was just glad she could stay a friend with Leah. While Sophie was nice to must everyone- and they were back... She didn't trust or get close to people easily, and wasn't about to give up Leah just because she would need to pick up a few more razors then most girls when at the grocery store.Sophie Welch was certainly going to come back and get to stay with her best friends but for now she was tired."Leah," Sophie said between a yawn"I still like you- snout and all, but the day you pee on me to 'mark your territory I'm breaking all of your CDs.""Shut up," Leah laughed, but no one not Seth, not Jacob, not Sue was happier then Leah that Sophie accepted this life faster than anyone unsuper natural else before.
