Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight I wish I did well at least the La Push Wolves :)So this is only my second story and I'm still getting the hang of how to upload and make it look good so if you have any pointers I would really appreciate it :)Chapter One: A New StartI stared out the window at the trees rushing past. They blurred together much like my emotions. I sighed quietly so my dad wouldn't look over at me with his broken, pain-filled, and worried eyes. I tried to pay more attention to my surroundings. After all this was going to be my new home. I took in the lichen covered trees that stretched up high to the sky, like giants. The whole place seemed to have a green tinge to it.A brown and tan blur raced through the trees, grabbing my attention. I straightened and twisted to get a better look, but whatever it was it was gone. I wondered what it could have been as I stared into the woods that flanked either side of the road. It looked too big to be a dog and too fast for a deer. Maybe it's a wolf?  I thought to myself. No, it was too big for even a wolf and it was still too fast. I had no idea what it could be as my mind tried to make plausible conjectures as to what the animal could have been. Maybe it wasn't even an animal. Maybe it was just a figment of my imagination. I mentally huffed.  That wouldn't be a surprise. The past couple of weeks had been hell."We're here," my dad's quiet voice broke through my reverie. My dad turned into the small two story house. It was a quaint little place. Black shutters framed the windows, and contrasted with the white siding. A deep blue colored door was set inside a small white porch, the paint slightly peeling, and a black tiled roof to match the window shutters. It looked like a comfortable enough place to live."What do you think?" my dad asked, hope in his eyes. I smiled at him, covering the quiet indifference I felt."I love it dad," I said forcing happiness into my voice. The excitement in my dad's eyes filled me with warmth. I was glad that the empty sadness was goneat least for awhile."Good. You can pick whatever room you want," he said contentedly."Awesome."I grabbed my duffel bag and opened the car door with a creak. I adjusted the strap on my bag before closing the door with a resounding thud. I took a deep breath of the clear air and looked around. The house had a smaller backyard but on the plus side it backed right into the forest.I wanted to go explore it but my dad had just reached the door and turned back."Karen?" my dad called out.I put a smile on my face and called back, "Coming."I looked around my new room. All of our furniture had been moved into the house already, the boxes creating little mazes throughout the house. My room at the moment was empty, a bay window looking out into the backyard and forest, and four white walls waiting for me to put my mark on them.I dropped my bag on to the floor, the sound echoing off the blank walls. I walked into the hallway to a pile of boxes. After turning a few of them around, I finally located the ones with my name on them. I carried them into my room. Brushing my hands on my pants and tugging my shirt down, I took a breath before digging through the boxes. With a cry of triumph I pulled out my I-pod's docking station. Plugging it into the wall I slid my I-pod out of my back pocket and set it up pressing shuffle as I raced out to the car.Opening the trunk I found the box marked, "new room tools." I carried it up to my room and walked in to Imagine Dragons' "Radioactive" Bobbing my head to the music I opened up the box and pulled out two cans of paint, painters tape, a canvas rug and a couple of brushes. Singing along to the song I taped off the trim and put down the canvas. I opened up one of the cans showing a beautiful cerulean blue. I poured it into the tray and started painting as a new song started. I lost myself to the beats of the song and the rhythmic stroke of the brush. Before I knew it hours had passed. I put my brush down and examined my work. The two opposing walls were coated blue and drying. I sneezed and berated myself mentally. Ventilation Stupid. I pulled open the windows and let the late summer breeze in. I took a deep breath, clearing away the thick paint smell and looked out into the woods a small smile slipping on to my face.I reluctantly pulled away and continued painting. Two hours later the other two walls were purple. Thank goodness the walls were already primed. I thought to myself as I rubbed the back of my hand against my forehead thoughtfully. Time for a break. I quickly packed away the paints and carefully placed the brushes on the canvas before making my way to the kitchen. Several more boxes were stacked on the kitchen island. After rummaging through them I found the box labeled "Cups", grabbed one, and filled it with water.Taking a sip I walked over to the doorway entrance into what would be the television room and saw my dad had hooked up the television, pulled the couch to face it, and had sat down with a beer to watch the baseball game. I rolled my eyes and sighed as a smile slipped on to my face.As long as the TV was set up the rest of the house could be left in boxes as far as my dad was concerned. Home decoration had always been my mom's I felt tears gather in my eyes and the lump I had become accustomed to over the past couple of weeks lodge itself in my throat. I walked over to some boxes blinking rapidly, forcing the tears back through sheer power of will.Forcefully redirecting my thoughts I grabbed the boxes for the kitchen and lost myself to organizing cups and plates, bowls and utensils, and everything that relates to a kitchen. Before I knew it my hand scraped the bottom of the last cardboard box. That brought me out of my trance.Checking my watch I realized it was past lunch time. Grabbing the sandwiches I had packed before, I added two Pepsi cans to my pile and headed for the Television. My dad gave me a smile as I handed him the sandwich and Pepsi. We sat in companionable silence, the commentators' voices echoed around the room. It was a comfortable and I didn't want it to end but I wanted to finish settling in by the end of the weekend.With a sigh I stood up and looked over at my dad. He was passed out on the couch. I shook my head. I looked at my dad's face, the worry lines that had so recently been etched into his face were smoothed out; his muscles were relaxed and a gentle smile was on his face. A small one, but it was still there. I felt a matching smile from on my lips. I was glad he was finally resting. It had been a long drive here not to mentioneverything else.I let out a quiet sigh as I grabbed our empty cans and wrappers. After throwing those out, I went back up to my room. The walls were basically dry so I started to rebuild and place my furniture. I carefully moved my small, three-drawer desk under the window facing the side of the house, stocked it with supplies and other knickknacks, put my clothes into my closet, and after quietly and slowly moving my dresser next to my desk, I put my clothes in there too. I placed my blue and purple throw rugs on to the floor, carried my nightstand into my room, set up my comfy plush chair, and pulled my bed frame and mattress into my room. Just as I was about to start putting the frame back together my dad knocked on my door."Need any help?""Hey, I hope I didn't wake you," I said guiltily."Nah, woke up on my own." He looked around my room and let out an appreciative whistle. "You work fast."I gave him a smile, "Yeah, I'm just that good."My dad returned my smile then gestured to the bed frame. "I don't know why I'm asking, you've pretty much got this handled, butyou want any help?"I gave him a smile, "Sure." Together we put together the bed frame, the bookshelves, and put all my books on the shelf- which was a feat in itself.Finally the room was finished. I stood next to my dad as we looked around the room appreciating our work. My dad put his arm around my shoulders and gave me a squeeze. I looked up at him and smiled."It looks good kiddo.""Thanks dad. I had a great helper," he laughed. "Do you want some help with your room?" I asked. My dad shook his head."I got it." He said. "Should I paint it now or later?" he asked me."I think now. Might as well before everything is in place," I answered thoughtfully. "Are you sure you don't want any help?"He gave me as smile. "That's okay, you can take a break." I laughed."Actually I was thinking of finishing the TV room" I said."What? I think it looks fine." He answered his face dead serious. I shook my head and laughed."Of course you do." He gave me a smile."Alright." He gave me a hug and we went to our respective projects.In no time at all I had set up the TV room, the two bathrooms, the rest of the kitchen, and the computer room or study room as I decided to call it.After I was finished I went up to my dad's room to see how he was coming along. I walked through the door and saw him lying on his newly set up bed, his eyes closed. In his hands was a small picture. I quietly walked over to the edge of the bed and saw that he had once again passed out. Carefully I pulled the picture through his hands and flipped it around.It was a picture of him, mom, and me, taken only two years ago. We were laughing as we sat under a tree. I was in my dad's arms as he held me so my mom could tickle me. Her ebony hair flowed down her back but it didn't obscure her smiling features as she laughed while she tickled me. My eyes were squeezed shut but my mouth was open in a huge grin. My dad was looking at my mom his eyes sparkling with love and laughter. He looked carefree and 15 years younger.I felt tears gather in my eyes as I looked at the picture and the memories flowed through my mind. Quickly I put a wall up and put the picture on my dad's nightstand before quietly leaving the room. I went down to the kitchen and took a deep breath forcing the lump away.After I regained my composure I looked around the house and thought about something else I could do, anything I could do. Anything to distract me from my thoughts.I opened the refrigerator and remembered that we needed to buy food. I glanced at my phone and saw that it was only 5:00. I can run to the store. I thought.  I'll make dad's favorite, garlic chicken. I smiled at the thought and grabbed the keys and my wallet and went to our car.Well tell me how I did :) Pretty Please :)
