Disclaimer: I only own Gemma and my other OC'sI've been working on this story for a while. It's my baby and wanted to wait until I thought it was right before posting it. I'm still in the processes of editing the rest of the chapters (story is not complete yet, still have quite a bit more to write) so updates will very. I can't stress how much reviews are important to me. So please be sure to review once done.Also, any other fics I have are put on hold while I write this.Enjoy!Chapter 1"Attention passengers," the voice of the captain fills the plane over the intercom, "The time is 11: 40 and we are twenty minutes from Seattle International. The current temperature is 65 degrees."I smile to myself as some of the passengers groan at the temperature. It's the end of May and they expect it to be around the eighties especially coming from Hawaii. Not for me, I love this weather, it just shows I'm that much closer to home.My name is Gemma Black and right now I'm the happiest girl in the world. I'm finally able to move back to my real home in La Push, Washington after being in Hawaii for the past twelve years.I was born in La Push, Washington on the Quileute reservation. I'm the great grand-daughter of Ephraim Black, chief of the Quileute tribe. My family is long descendants of chiefs. The only living relatives of the Black's is my father Joseph, myself, my Uncle Billy and his kids, Rachel, Rebecca, and Jacob.Being a descendant of a chief and living on reservation, you grow up knowing the legends of our tribe. I've never been a girl who grew up living and dreaming of fairy tales hoping that one day my prince charming would come to my front door on a white horse. No, I've grown up living and believing the legends of my tribe and dreaming of the spirit warriors that protect us. But I did not get to hear them for the first time at a bonfire on the beach like the others do.My dad is in the army and since the age of five I have not lived on reservation. Not being able to stay away from my mom and myself, dad had us move with him to the base in Hawaii. Not that I could complain growing up in Hawaii but I knew where my roots are from and long for the forest even at a young age.I remember the first time I heard the legends of our tribe. I was six and woke up from my dad waking me up from a horrible nightmare I was having about someone sneaking into the house while we were sleeping and killed my parents draining them of all their blood. When I told dad about it he pulled me into his side, "There is no reason to be afraid my precious Gem," he told me calling me by my nickname, "You will always be protected." I looked up at him confused, "It's time you heard the legends of our tribe."He begun to tell me of the legends and about the spirit warriors. I was so amazed by this that wolves became my favorite animal. After that I was always dreaming of our ancestors and the spirit warriors that protect us.You can say I'm a big daddy's girl but I'm anything but spoiled. Daddy calls me his precious Gem. I asked him one time why, he said that some dad's have little princesses or angels but I'm the rarest of them all, like a precious gem. I also think it has something to do with my eyes. As far as I know, every one in our tribe has brown or black hair with brown eyes, but me along with my curly chocolate-brown hair, I have emerald-green eyes. Everyone is always amazed with my eyes, even in Hawaii.Hawaii was great but La Push is where I belong; I could feel it in my bones every time we came back. Every holiday we would go back to La Push where we still have our family home and spend them with Uncle Billy and his family. If dad wasn't over seas he would go with us for Thanksgiving and Christmas, but every summer it was always just mom and me.It was always my favorite time when we were there. Not only because I was with all of my family but I'm not sure if has anything to do with my heritage but being in La Push always felt right. This is my home.While on holiday, dad would always be with Uncle Billy, Mom with Aunt Sarah who were childhood best friends, and I would be with Jacob. Rachel and Rebecca were five years older than me so they never wanted to hang out with us kids. I didn't mind, I love my cousin Jacob even if he is a couple of years younger than me. He was always more like a brother than a cousin to me anyways.If I wasn't hanging out with the Jacob, I was with my best friend Leah. I was the only real friend that Leah had. She can get to be really hot-headed, was never scared to speak her mind, and wasn't the most girly and other girls around here are. They didn't like her. I always found Leah to be great. I loved that she didn't ever care what others thought of her. We always got along great.If I wasn't with Jacob or Leah, I was with my best guy friend, Paul. He was the sweetest guy I've ever known but also can be hot-headed even though he never got angry with me. The only time I've seen him upset was when I would always have to go back to Hawaii.Paul was the same age as me and Leah. They didn't really ever get along but when I was in town they would be civil with each other for my sake. Leah manly did because she knows that I've been in love with Paul since I could crawl. She would always tease me about it. She was convinced that he liked me too but I always thought she was crazy.When I was back in Hawaii, I talked on the phone with Leah and Paul every day. The more time went by I started to think that maybe Paul did like me since he's the only guy I know that would want to talk to a girl on the phone every day, even as kids.When it was time to go back to Hawaii, I always got really emotional. I never wanted to leave. This was my home. Call me crazy but I love the cold rainy weather here. Yes there are beaches in Hawaii but the ones here are just...different. But what I love the most is the forest; the trees, the green, the air...everything.I was never as happy there as I was here. I only had one friend, Alan. He was a couple of years older than me. Our dads were in the same unit together. We've been friends since I first moved here. Our relationship was really close but it was one like a brother and sister. I always tell him and Leah that I have the perfect person for them. But like Leah, Alan would tease me about my crush on Paul. Of course he knew about Paul, I needed someone to talk to while I was here. And the great guy that he was, never complained about me talking about some guy.Why didn't I have girl friends to talk to about things like this with? For some reason everyone at school was intimidated by me. I didn't really mind though since I talked to Leah and Paul every day and had Alan.Alan would love it when I would talk about the legends of our tribe. Well, he didn't know they were legends; he always thought they were stories I made up. Our legends are sacred and no one outside the tribe is to know them. Daddy told me it was ok to tell him that I made them up, he knows how crazy I am about them. He even says I have the story telling skills like Uncle Billy. I was always proud of that, Uncle Billy is a great story-teller."Gemma," I snap my head to my mom to see her looking at me. "Huh?" She smiles and shakes her head knowing that I was lost in my thoughts. I do that a lot. "The captain has just turned on the fasten seat belt sign." Looking up I noticed that they did. My mom laughs at me. When I buckle up I look out the window and can see the city of Seattle. La Push is about a two-hour drive from here. I started to get extremely anxious.I practically begged my parents to let me move back. I really wanted to finish my last two years of high school in La Push. I wanted to actually enjoy going to school with people I could have fun with and be around family. Dad was about to leave to go back over seas for eleven months so he left the decision to mom since it would be just us for a while. I was really nervous she would say no but in the end she said yes. It worked out great since we still had our house there.I never heard Leah squeal a day in my whole life until the day I told her that I was moving back. To say I was shocked was an understatement. It was the first time she has ever done something so girly.Once the plane landed, mom and I got off the terminal. Mom tapped my shoulder and pointed ahead of me to look at something. I was welcomed with a huge sign that said "Welcome home Gem!" held by Leah and Paul holding a bouquet of my favorite flower, daisies.I pretty much froze for a couple of seconds in shock. I thought we were going to take a taxi home but this was a huge surprise. I through my purse and carry on at mom and ran as fast as my legs would carry me. Paul gave the flowers to a beaming Leah and started to run to me as well. Meeting each other half way, I jumped in Paul's arms and he caught me very easily.Holding onto each other very tightly for a little while before pulling back slightly and Paul's lips were on mine. I smiled into the kiss and let him deepen it. I've missed him so much.Oh did I forget to mention that Paul and I have been together since seventh grade? When I was back for summer vacation, Leah and Paul's best friend Jared locked Paul and I in a shed. They said we were not to come out until we told each other how we felt. We sat there for a good twenty minutes before Paul told me that he's loved me since we first met and wants us to be together no matter the distance between us. It was the best day of my life.Even at that age for the past five years, our relationship has been great and going strong.It took someone clearing their throat for us to break apart. I blushed at the looks mom and Leah were giving us. "If you're done sucking face, do you think you can greet your best friend?" I laugh as I let go of Paul and give Leah a hug.Paul took my hand in his and we all went to baggage claim to get our bags. Luckily it was only one each. We had the rest of our stuff shipped to the house last week."I'm so happy you're here to stay," Paul tells me as we head to his extended cab truck. I smile brightly at him, "Me too.""Me three," Leah says jumping in making us all laugh. Over the years, Paul and Leah started to actually get along which was great. I didn't like them not getting along.On the way to La Push we all made small talk about what we're looking forward to this year at school, mom talking to them about Paul's dad and Leah's family, dad leaving to go back over seas; stuff like that.As soon as we passed the border entering La Push, I felt my heart grow and body relax.Paul who has yet to release my hand even while driving gave it a squeeze. "Welcome home Gem."I smile as I take in my surroundings, "I'm home."Follow, favorite, but most importantly...review. Please and thank you!
