Eleven year old Rosalie dragged her feet down the white carpeted walkway on the second floor of the Hales' Victorian townhouse. She bent her knees and gently crouched down behind the banister of the stairwell. The young child held onto the railing as she watched her parents argue for the third time that day. It was their booming voices that woke the eleven year old from her slumber."I'm sick and tired of this Sam," Emily exasperatedly paced in front of her exhausted husband, "I told you to choose!" She took a seat at the edge of the couch, "Carson or us?"Sam quickly sat up on the couch, "Em, I told you I can't make that decision!""For Christ sakes Samuel, he sent you a note last week threatening methreatening our children! Don't you care?"Rosalie pushed her head closer, sliding it between the railings. She hated hearing her parents yell at one another. It gave her a feeling of loneliness and seclusion."I'm doing this because I care! The streets aren't safe! It's my job to make them safe Emily! I thought you understood that!" Sam rose to his feet and approached his wife. He stooped low in order to be eye leveled with her, and waited for her response, "I do! I know it's your job, butbut so is being a father to our children! You missed Rose's daddy daughter dance-""Your father took her!""My father isn't her father! You are!" Emily cried out, glaring at the hand her husband sat against her knee, "You missed Jasper's soccer championship!""He understood why I couldn't make it!""No, all he understood is that his father is full of excuses!"Rosalie's eyes grew weary as the clock struck midnight. It was way past her bedtime, and if her mother knew she was still awake she would be in big trouble. The young child blinked out of the tiredness that simmered through her as her dad proclaimed, "You can't expect me to be at every dance, every practice, and every game!"Emily pushed her husband out of her way, "You're right I can't expect you to be at every one, but I do expect you to make one!"As soon as Rosalie realized her mother was heading for the staircase, she rose to her feet and rushed back to her bedroom. She quietly closed the door behind her, and hopped into her bed. Rose squeezed her eyes shut as she heard the front door slam close. Her father was most likely returning to work. Ever since Joshua, Sam's father, retired and handed him over the case six years ago, it was all he could focus on. It was an obsession. Carson was the predator, and Sam did everything in his power to avoid becoming the prey. To Carson, this was a game of cat and mouse. He stayed one step ahead of the FBI and the Forks Police for 16 years.Rosalie struggled to fall back asleep. Her parents' arguments have grown each and every day to a level of anger and resentment. Their words plagued her thoughts when she was awake, and haunted her nightmares when she was asleep. You're destroying your family! Rose tossed to one side of her bed. Your obsession over Carson is getting in the way of your time with your kids! Rosalie stirred to the other side of her bed. If you keep this up, I'm taking the kids, and we're leaving! Rose shot up out of her bed and raced out of her room once again.Her feet creaked against the floorboards as she tiptoed to her parents' bedroom, "Rose? Jasper? Who's out there?""It's me." Rose whispered, standing under the threshold of the master bedroom's door."You're supposed to be asleep bumblebee." Emily waved her daughter into the room, "What's wrong?"Rosalie ran over to her mother's open arms. She sighed in the warmth of her mom's embrace. It was just what she needed. The young Hale inhaled her mother's perfumed scent, as the thoughts of a possible divorce faded out of her mind."Why couldn't you sleep?" And suddenly the thoughts all came back.Rose snuggled her face further into her mother's silk pajamas, "I heard you and daddy arguing.""You were supposed to be asleep"Rose pulled away, "You guys were loud. You woke me up.""Your brother is still sleeping," Emily crossed her arms and smiled."Mom, you know Jasper," Rose smiled, mirroring her mother's grin, "he can sleep through a raining fire storm." Emily's head fell back as she released a loud laugh.Rosalie giggled at her mother's boisterous laugh. She took a seat next to her mother on the king bed, and sighed, "Are you and daddy going to get a divorce?""Bumblebee no," Emily shook her head, "Why would you think that?""You always argue. Alice's parents got a divorce because they always argue!"Emily pulled her blonde hair into a loose ponytail atop of her head. A few blonde strands didn't make it, and continued to dangle around her face."Baby, no matter what happens between me and your father, you and your brother will always be loved," Emily pulls Rose into her arms, and nuzzles her face into her daughter's neck, "You're my bumblebee," Emily smiles and pecks her daughter's cheek, "your brother is my grasshopper.""Why do you guys always argue?" A sad smile formed on her daughter's face."That's what people who love each other do." Emily nodded surely, "I know it may sound weird, but it's true."Rosalie looks up to meet her mother's green eyes, "You're crazy.""And you're honest." Emily snickered, rising to her feet, "It's almost two, and way past your bedtime. You have school in the morning, and mommy has to show three houses." Emily pulls her daughter into her arms, "Bumble-"A loud bang from the closet sharply cut Emily's sentence off. Another thump followed shortly after. A third thud came soon afterward."Mom," Rosalie and Emily glance at the closet.Emily grabbed a pair of scissors off of her desk, "Rosalie get behind me." She held the scissors out and took small steps towards the closet.Carson kicked open the closet door before Emily could even open it. He ripped the scissors from her hands, and shoved them into his pocket."Rose, run." Emily whispered, as Carson shoved the woman's head onto the corner of the dresser.Emily falls to the ground and reaches for Carson's leg. A few drops of blood trickled out of the back of her head from the impact to the dresser. The deranged man angrily tore his leg out of her hold, and kicked her away."Please, leave my babies alone." Emily whispered, crawling back, "I'm begging you. This is between you and my husband. Not them. They're innocent."Emily meets the disturbed predator's eyes, as he brought his foot up and stomped down onto her face. The older Hale fell back unconsciously. Carson collects himself and walks out of the master bedroom. He glances around the house, and spots an opened door. The predator runs up to the bathroom, and rips back the shower curtain."Mommy!" Rosalie screams, as Carson picks her up and pushes her into the wall.She looks into his hate-filled eyes as he holds her up by his strength. Carson smiles as he looks into her green orbs. Rosalie noticed the anger, the rage, and the misunderstanding within his eyes. One of his eyes was dark brown, while the other was green.In a panicky attempt to free herself, she swings her hands forward. Her fingernail cuts into the skin under his left eye. A loud scream echoes through the bathroom as he drops her. Trickles of blood fall onto his shirt. He tore his hands away and watched as she fell to the ground.Carson reached into his pocket, and pulled out the scissors, "Not yet." He stomped on her arm, before shoving the scissors into the palm of her hand. The young child screamed into the night as he shoves a white cloth over her mouth and nose. Rosalie squirms under the stronger man's hold as the scissors remained penning her hand to the ground.The young girl stopped struggling causing for Carson to pull the white cloth away. He smiles to himself as he walks out of the bathroom.PredatorRosalie stirred. She opened her eyes and was met with a hazy light that temporarily blinded her. The young child rubbed her eyes in order to wipe the blurriness from them. A light cough erupted from the pit of her chest."Mommy," Rosalie whispered, glancing around the bathroom. A splash of red liquid soaking through the tiled bathroom floor caught her line of vision. Immediately the pain in her left hand shot through her body. She cried out while pulling the scissors out of the center of her palm.She brings her shaky hand to her chest, "Daddy!" Rose stood up and walked out of the bathroom. It was darker than usual. Any lights that were on at first were now cut off. The young girl stopped just outside of her mother's room, before lightly knocking, "Mommy, it's me. It's bumblebee." No answer.The young blonde set her hand against the door and pushed it open. Her eyes were met with more darkness. She reached inside and flicked on the lights, "Mom," Rosalie caught sight of her mother's body, and raced across the room, "Mommy!" She rolled her mother over, and caught sight of her petrified face. Four stab wounds seeped blood out of Emily's petite form. The number four carved into her forehead trickled blood down her face. Her mother's eyes were wide open, and her cheeks were moist from tears."JaJasper!" Rosalie fell to the ground and screamed, "JASPER! Jasper!" She crawled away from her mother's body, staining the carpet with her bloodied hand, "Jasper! Jasper! Jasper! Jasper!"Rosalie felt arms lift her onto her feet. Her teary eyes met her brother's identical ones, "It's mom!" She pointed at their mother's deceased form, "She needs help!"Fourteen year old Jasper held his sister in his arms, as he looked over his shoulder. He shut his eyes close as soon as they met his mother's green ones. She looked terrified. His hands shook against his sides as he pulled his sister out of their parents' bedroom.PredatorEleven year old Rosalie stood in silence as sirens could be heard growing closer and closer to her house. Jasper stood before her, observing the penetration of her hand."Dad should be here at any second," he kissed his sister's forehead, "We'll be okay Rose. I'll protect you."A single tear rolled down Rosalie's cheek. Her older brother used his thumb to wipe it away before it could roll past her chin. He smiled down at his sister, before pulling her into his shaking arms, "I saw him." Rose pulled back, and looked into his identical eyes, "I saw his face Jasper."Seconds later the front door burst in. Police officers and medics raced through the house being followed by Sam, Elijah, Felicity, Diane and Joshua. The officers split up and begin to search through the parameters of the house. Rosalie spots her father first. His face is tear-stricken, and he's shaking worriedly. Samuel drops to his knees, holding his arms wide open, waiting for his children. Rosalie and Jasper rush to their father's open arms, and wrap their arms around him."I'm sorry," Sam whispers, placing a peck against Rosalie's temple, "I'm so sorry," he places a kiss against Jasper's cheek.Elijah clears his throat, "Sam, they want us to come upstairs." He glances at his younger brother, and watches him rise to his feet."Stay with grandma and Aunt Felicity." Sam said, rubbing his children's back, "Dad," He looked to Joshua and nodded towards the staircase, "Let's go."Felicity approached her niece and nephew, "Sweeties," her eyes fell upon the small blood pool surrounding her hand, "Rosalie, what happened?""HeHe," she started to cry as Felicity wrapped the young child in her arms, "stabbed my hand with" she glanced over at her grandmother standing with her arms wrapped around Jasper listening, "with the scissors.""Wait," Felicity pulled her away, "he was close enough to stab your hand."Rosalie nodded, "I saw him. I scratched him."Felicity glances over her niece's shoulder and meets Diane's brown eyes. The worried grandmother pulls Jasper closer to her as her sons and husband descend from up the stairs. The concerned woman spots her youngest son's face. His eyes were tired, dry, and most of all miserable. He looked weak, like at any second he could pass out, and never wake up. Samuel was worn, and knowing that his kids saw what he just saw dejected him."Guys," Felicity rested her hand atop of Rosalie's shoulder, "Rose has something to tell you."Each Hale glanced towards the youngest. She was nursing her hand, calling for Joshua to wave over a paramedic."I saw," Rosalie's face wrinkled as pain continued to shoot through her hand, "I saw who did that to mommy," She calmed enough to allow the paramedic to clean off the blood, "I scratched him."Felicity watches as her niece winces occasionally from the pain shooting through her hand. The paramedic softly wraps the child's hand with a cloth, "She'll need stitches on both sides of her hand." The paramedic stood, "We can do it outside in the truck if that's more convenient."Sam waved her off, "We'll be out. Don't leave."Diane glances from her granddaughter to her grandson and frowned. While it was great that they now had a break in the case, she didn't like the fact that it had to do with her grandchildren. Diane Hale has been a retired police lieutenant for over five years, and her husband Joshua is a recently retired FBI Agent. Now that he knew about this huge lead, it would force him to partner with their sons, Detective Samuel Hale, and Private Investigator Elijah Hale. Felicity, who is a police dispatcher, will even be pulled into the craziness of Carson.Samuel stooped low, and gently lifted his daughter's injured hand, "Where did you scratch him bumblebee?""Under his eye," Rosalie used her good hand to point under her left eye.Elijah stepped forward, "Did you draw skin lady bug?"Rose nods."He'll probably be left with a scar," Diane added, tightening her hold around Jasper's waist, "especially since she drew skin. We finally have something to work with."Joshua frantically paced, "What else can you tell us sweets? How close were you to him? Did he have any tattoos? Birth marks? Facial hair?""Joshua, not now!" Felicity snapped, cutting her father-in-law off, "Come on Rose," She extends her hand to the young child, "Let's get some fresh air. It's stuffy in here."PredatorRosalie stared down at her freshly bandaged hand as the tingling from her stitches began to subside. She closed her injured hand, and reopened it once the burning began to flare up. Rose shook the pain from her hand as she watched men with coroner jackets enter her house."Is my mommy dead?"Felicity hastily pulls the little girl into her arms, "We'll find who did this." She couldn't bring herself to look into Rosalie's crying eyes. She knew the eleven year old knew the answer to her own question; she just wanted a third party to assure her of it."If we were to bring in a sketch artist, would you be able to describe what he looks like?"Rosalie nods, "I can try.""No sketch artist!" Sam shouts, exiting his house, "Only those working on the case that we can trust will know. She's the only living witness. Carson left her like that for a reason."A silence falls over the three as Rosalie continues to mindlessly pick with the bandage wrapped around her hand. She jumps frighteningly as her grandmother leaves out of the house holding her brother's hand."Come on Rose, "Diane extends her free hand to the mourning child, "you two are staying at my house tonight."She looks to her father, "Dad?"Sam's eyes meet hers. She could see the grief, and the bereavement within them. Rosalie didn't want to leave him like that, especially not tonight after what happened."I can't leave you.""I'll be over there first thing tomorrow morning before you even wake up," he stooped low to be eye-leveled with her, "I just want to know one little thing, we'll find out everything else later."She takes her grandmother's hand and nods."Did you look into his eyes?" She shakes her head, "Were you that close to him? Were you close enough to see his eye color?""Yes, I saw them. They were two different colors."From over Samuel's shoulder, Felicity asks, "What were the colors? Do you remember them?""They were," her eyes glance up at the night sky, "brown and green.""Thanks bumblebee," Sam presses a kiss to her cheek.A/N: Disclaimer: The Twilight characters are reserved for the one and only Stephenie Meyer. This is the prologue to the next chapter which will take place fifteen years from this chapter. I hope you all review and enjoy.-Tiffany. 
