EpovI packed up my last S.W.A.T gear when three of my teammates came walking in excited about a new bar that just opened down town. Emmett slapped me on the back that stung a bit. "Hey man, we are heading out: are you coming?""No, captain needs to talk about something. A detective from Washington State is joining the group for a little while." I said, as I zipped up my bag and shoved it onto my shoulder."Why does he want you then?"I just shrugged my shoulder and left Jasper, Emmett, and James in the locker room and down to the captain's office. Once I got to the door I can hear argument inside with a man that didn't sound like captain's and a women's voice. I was just about a raise my hand to knock when the door jerked open. I was shocked to see a beautiful, but a pissed off women."Has anyone seen my captain's balld? Let me know, there about this big." she raised her hands up and pinched her thumb and index figure together. "It is small to be peas or an old raisin or if you ever seen a mouse ball; it's about half that size! They are really really tiny, little girl balls. So if you see little tiny girl balls, that are so fuckin tiny and winkled up! Let me know so that I can shoved it right back up his ass!" She was just about to shut the door right in my face, but I pushed the door back; wide enough for my boss to see me. My boss was just leaning back in his chair that he was getting a headache and another man with his police uniform on his face was buried in his hands.I looked up at the women who was just pacing back and forth in the room. My boss looked like he was to spaced out to even see me there. "Ummm sir?"Captain jumped a little in his seat before a big ass smile grew on his face. "Ah Edward, thank god your here." 'I bet' I should have just walked away and deal with this shit another day. My boss jumped out of his seat, faster then a cartoon who's ass is on fire and ran around the desk. He placed a hand on my back and push me further into the room while closing his office door.I felt cold air in the room and it is not a good feeling. "Detective Swan this is captain Edward Cullen on the S.W.A.T team, he will be your partner during your stay here." Whoa, whoa, whoa what? Partner? I have a team, but no partners. I turned my head to face with my 'what the fuck look'. He smiled at me, as I just stared. "Detective Swan will fill you in my the case she is on. Edward before you argue, we just need someone on the streets with her.""Doesn't anyone in this fucking room listen to me, I don't need a partner." The man in the chair stood up."Isabella, please just go with it. I want you to be safe.""For fuck sake, I told I hate the name Isabella, so call me Bella and I don't need some smart ass S.W.A.T. officer as a partner." I shot her a glare. This women has anger problems, so I just step to throw more gas in the fire."Look Ms. Swan-""Detective Swan you green eyes Mary." Okay this lady is really pissing me and I'm supposed to be 'partners' with her.I inhaled and exhaled before I can speak. "Alright Detective Swan, I know that this is new to you, but can you please calm down.""Fuck you." She just continues to glare at me before shoving right pass me to get to the door. She forced the door open and walked out, but stopped and flipped off the officer in the room.The officer sigh and he smiled at me. "I'm apologizing for my daughter Mr. Cullen. I am Officer Swan" My eyes widen at the word 'daughter'. This officer is that crazy women's father? "She is really a sweet girl, but something happened to her last partner that made her loss trust in other people, even people she is working for."I wanted to ask what happen, but I mostly want to ask his daughter; that is if she would even talk me. Captain Mason smiled at Officer Swan and gave him a pat on the back. "Nothing to worry about Officer Swan, Edward has been working for us for six years and one of the best of best, even better than people who worked here longer than him." Good going Mason, make me look more like a smartass then Bella dose.To be continued
