Summary: Masen University. Home to the nation's best science program, the western seaboard's largest electron microscope, and the world's biggest asshole. I'm Bella Swan, and this is where I learned How To Tame A Player.How To Tame A PlayerChapter 1: Meet The Player(Define) Meet: Verb. Come in to the presence or company of (someone) by chance or arrangement.Masen University.Home to the nation's best science program, the eastern seaboard's largest electron microscope, and the world's biggest asshole.I wasn't expecting college to suddenly transform boys in to men, but I sure as hell expected more than a slap on my ass and a catcall the first time I walked across campus. And yes, that did actually happen. Of course, not from this asshole I've been talking about.Oh no, my asshole took jerk-ery to a whole new level.I had the pleasure of meeting him in the very first class of my college experience: Integrative Biology. Talk about a smooth transition.The hall was fairly small compared to the pictures I'd seen of halls in other colleges. I sat in one of the back few rows so I could blend in well enough. It was mainly a freshman class, so there weren't many people talking. People were still in that awkward, I'm-going-to-be-super-nice-to-you-because-I-don't-know-anyone phase.Not all of the seats were full and I was pleased to find that only a few people had the energy to make the trek to the back rows where I was seated. I had the table all to myself.I pulled out my notebook and my pencil case and set it on the table in front of me. I unzipped the pouch and pulled out a few of my colored pens and set them in rainbow order beside my notebook in true OCD fashion.Yes. I'm a college student and still carry a pencil case full of colored pens.I'm that girl.When the Professor walked in, I quickly sat up in my chair and leaned forward. The Professor was a man who looked to be in his forties. He had brown hair peppered with strands of gray and though his eyes were smiling, his mouth was stern.He looked like one of those teachers that tried to look strict for the benefit of the class, but generally failed to garner that fear that was induced naturally when a teacher was actually strict. I smiled slightly to myself.This should be interesting."Good morning, everyone. I'm Professor Banner." He began, his voice carrying over the room. "Welcome to Integrative Biology. I know many of you have chosen to take this course because you think it'll be an easy A." He smiled evilly. "Think again."I looked down at my notebook, struggling to hold back a laugh. It looked like this man had taken one tip too many from the mean Professor in Legally Blonde.Trying to hide my amusement, I opened my notebook and flipped to the first page as he began to describe the course syllabus. I clicked open my dark blue pen and wrote the date neatly in the corner.Just as I headed the page of notes, a loud bang followed by a deep chuckle tore me and the rest of the class from our thoughts. Professor Banner paused in the middle of his speech.I looked up to see that someone had just entered the class. The man was tall, well-built, and his hair was the strangest mix of red and brown. His eyes were a startling emerald-green color and his jaw was so sharp, I wondered if I could crack a watermelon on it. He wore a tight, long-sleeved black shirt that clung to his biceps and broad chest. His jeans sat low on his hips and the smirk on his face told me that he knew what it did to women.He stopped abruptly and glanced around, suddenly realizing that he was, in fact, late. He licked his lips and leaned backwards to close the door behind him."Mr. Cullen." Professor Banner greeted. I narrowed my eyes.They knew each other?"Professor Banner." The man greeted back with a small grin. He ran a hand through his messy hair and I could almost hear the female population of the room sigh in response."You're late." The Professor said sternly, but his eyes were amused.Seriously? This guy was late to his first freaking class and his record with the teacher was still Windex clean?I glanced sharply back to the man who chuckled and shrugged. He glanced towards the rest of the class and his stunning, emerald green eyes met mine. A small smile spread across his face and his eyes twinkled. I frowned and quickly looked away. My mind was immediately flooded with memories of taunts and teasing.Inside my chest my heart sped up in anxiety. No one wanted to spend time with the 'All-American-Girl' story gone wrong unless they wanted something.I was a huge advocate of not judging someone until you knew them, but in that moment, I couldn't help but feel an irrational dislike for him. All my life I'd had to put up with snotty, rich kids who didn't have to work hard to get where they wanted. Teachers loved them and let them get away with everything. I thought that would have changed by the time I got to college."Well, take your seat." The Professor said, his voice sounding resigned. As the man made his way to the stairs, Professor Banner continued his lecture.I sat uncomfortably, forcing my hands to write down the key elements of the syllabus that I'd have to research when I got back to my dorm tonight. I heard his footsteps get closer and closer and my heart pounded in my chest.Please don't sit here, please don't sit here, please don't sit-"Hey."Damn it.I glanced briefly in his direction and shot him a stiff smile before quickly looking away. He dropped his books on the table and plopped down in the seat beside me.I heard him chuckle at my lack of response. He casually stretched his arm across the back of my seat and I huffed quietly in annoyance, twirling the pen between my fingers.I guess he didn't know anything about personal space.The bench creaked slightly as he leaned in closer to me. "I'm sorry, am I bothering you?" His voice was like velvet.My eyes snapped to him, startled to find his amused, green eyes far closer to me than I would have liked. I'm ashamed to say that I might have kept my eyes on him for just a tad longer than was appropriate. Noticing my gaze, I saw his lips quirk at the sides. Then he licked those very lips, perhaps slower than necessary for my benefit.Shit. He was very attractive.Not that I'd noticed.Trying to regain what little bit I had left of my pride, I rolled my eyes and quickly returned my attention to Professor Banner's lecture. He was still talking about the syllabus, but I'd rather listen to his droning than inflate the ego of the man sitting next to me any further.And for a while, he let me. He leaned back in his chair and though I could feel his gaze on me, he made no further move to disturb me.I took studious notes as Professor Banner moved on from explaining the syllabus to actual course material. I was pleased to learn that I knew the basics of what he talked about. My greatest fear had been that I would sit down for my first class and know absolutely nothing.The clock on the wall loudly ticked by the seconds as Professor Banner continued to speak. Every once in a while my eyes would flicker to the side to see that the man's gaze was still on me.He hadn't even bothered to open his books. He simply stared at me, his expression somewhere between amusement and confusion.It was unnerving. A part of me wanted to beg him to look away so I didn't have a panic attack on my first day in college. My pride stopped me.Suddenly, his fingers shot out and grasped a lock of my hair and tugged."Ow!" I hissed quietly, jerking my hair out of his grasp and staring at him in shock. When he just stared at me with an amused smirk on his face, I quickly looked away. As subtly as I could, I shifted further from him in my seat.He immediately inched closer and grabbed at my hair again.This time, anger preceded my shock.Tugging my hair out of his grasp, I spun around to face him. "What are we, five?" I whispered furiously. "Are you going to nail me with a spit-wad next?""Oh, I'd love to nail you." He deadpanned.Damn players. Nothing changed.I huffed angrily and turned away from him. "Jerk." I muttered under my breath. I hoped that he would return to sitting silently beside me. I preferred his creepy gaze to this blatant harassment.Unfortunately, I had no such luck."What's your name?" He asked, leaning in to me again. His minty breath washed over me and it took every bit of resolve I had left in me - which wasn't much, mind you - to ignore him and continue writing.I saw him grin in amusement out of the corner of my eye. He leaned forwards further and blew gently on the side of my neck. Exhaling in sheer annoyance, I grit my teeth and quickly drew my hair to the side to cover my neck. He simply grinned and continued to blow in my direction, sending strands of hair flying across my face.No. I would not react to him. I would not give this asshole the pleasure of knowing that he was getting to me.Abruptly, the blowing stopped. I was just about to turn to see if he'd decided to give up when I felt his index and middle fingers lodge themselves in my side. I yelped loudly and jumped in my seat, clutching at my side and staring at him with wide eyes.The class went silent.I glanced around and saw that everyone had turned in their seats to stare at us. Heat rushed to my cheeks when I saw the attention that his imbecilic actions had attracted. Nearly all the girls in the class were glaring at me as though I had somehow brainwashed the jerk into interacting with me.Put away the claws, ladies. I don't want him.Professor Banner stared at me with raised brows and a small frown. "Are we disturbing you?"I was positive that my face looked like an overripe tomato as I shook my head. "No, Professor Banner." I said quietly.My breathing grew heavy in anger knowing that I hadn't done anything wrong - it was all this moron sitting by my side. My blood boiled as I remembered the casual way in which Professor Banner had overlooked the asshole's tardiness, but now, when said asshole made me embarrass myself in front of the whole class, I got blamed?When Professor Banner went back to talking, I turned viciously towards the idiot sitting next to me. I shot him a glare filled with so much anger that I was sure if looks could kill, he'd be six feet under by now.It didn't faze him in the least.He smirked. "Tell me your name." He whispered."Go fuck yourself." I snarled back quietly."Nah, there're people that'll do it for me."I could see him biting his lip to hold back his chuckle when I rolled my eyes. He thought he was funny. With all the people he had here eating out of his hands, I guess I shouldn't have been surprised.He had things handed to him on a silver platter; he was good looking, teachers loved him, girls loved him, and he had an ego the size of Alaska.If he knew what was good for him, he'd stay away from me.AN: So, what do you think of Jerkward and Sassella? Yes, no? If you do like it, there'll be a consistent updating schedule for the first time in mystique-jewled history. Chapters will be up every Saturday starting next week. Be warned: though this story has it's lighthearted parts, it does also have some darker, angst-filled depths, so read with caution. This story is also very personal to me, so please learn to understand some of the decisions Bella makes. As annoying as they may seem sometimes, they're also as realistic as I can make them.A huge, huge, huge 'thank-you' to Fallingsnow Winter for pre-reading and being the absolute best motivation that a writer could wish for! And have you seen the banner she made? She's just too talented.Follow me (though I don't say much) on twitter: mystiquejewled and Facebook: Mystique Jewled!Review, review, review and I'll see you next Saturday!
