Summary: Tired of living a conventional life, Bella enlists the help of two unlikely people to help her shed her good girl image. How bad can a good girl get? Bella Swan is ready to find out. Romance, Humor, Drama. AH HS M. Disclaimer: I own nothing. All recognizable characters belong to Stephanie Meyer (duh).Introduction: Existing"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde   It started in kindergarten.On my very first day of school Mom practically dragged me to class, all the while I was kicking and screaming. But who could blame me? I was just a scared, shy little girl who wasn't eager to be left in a room full of strangers.I caused a scene and left a lasting impression on many of the parents of my fellow classmates. They all thought I'd be the annoying child, the crier of the class. And by they all I do mean all of them, including Mom and Mrs. Flowers. I remember Mrs. Flowers had to hold my hand every day for two weeks when Mom would drop me off. God bless that woman and her enduring patience. I was having serious separation anxiety, and it was hard for a while, but everything changed when I discovered the alphabet song.That's when things took a turn for the better. I was introduced to so many things and I absolutely loved it. I loved learning. I love learning present tense. And it all started in kindergarten.When it came to learning the colors, the shapes, the alphabet, you name it, I blew every kid in my class out of the water. I was the fastest reader, the best at spelling, and the only student who could sing the alphabet song without forgetting a letter. Mrs. Flowers would regularly send me home with certificates of my achievements. My parents pride continuously fueled my hard work. I wasn't a social butterfly at school, I don't think I'll ever be that girl, but dammit my grades were, and are still, impeccable.My parents are very proud of me, don't I know it, since I don't partake in naughty activities like drinking or test scores of 85% or below. Not that I think less of anyone who does partake in that stuff. What do I partake in you may ask? Good grades for the most part. Well, good grades and according to my parents I'm one of the few teens on the planet who doesn't have an attitude problem.Anyway, I know they're very proud of me and that's why I didn't take any offense this morning when Mom kindly asked me why the hell I'm not participating in any after school activities."Honey, I just want you to be the best you can be."Internal eye roll. Yeah, I know.And that's what I'm doing now - I'm being the best I can be. I'm twenty minutes early, standing outside of the cafeteria, staring at the dully decorated activities board.Auto Club - If you're passionate about cars be sure to join! We will meet Tuesdays and Thursdays from 2:30 to 3:30. I snort. Attractive, I know. Considering my knowledge of cars, this club is not for me. Maybe for Dad, but no way me.Book Club - Hey students, Book Club will soon be starting so be sure to join! Hosted by our beloved librarian, Mrs. Fox, we'll be sure to have a great year. Meetings will be held on Wednesdays from 2:30 to 3:30. Be there or be square.Be there or be square? Who writes theses things? Even though I love books I'm skeptical since the librarian is hosting. She's not exactly known for being a warm and loving person. Something tells me Mrs. Fox wrote this herself.Cooking Club - Are you a good cook and wish to cook with others? Or do you wish to learn how? Then join Cooking Club for after school fun. We will meet every Monday from 2:30 to 3:30. No thank you! Mom isn't the best cook around so I do most of the cooking at home. I definitely don't want to add that to my load of work. Besides everyone knows that only the kids who can't cook join.Environmental Club - Do you wish to make a difference on the planet? Lucky for you Forks High is having its first ever Environmental Club meeting next Wednesday. Spots are limited so be sure to hurry and sign up. Hope to see you there.Well surely the best club left is this one. Any participation in an after school activity looks good on a college application, but Environmental Club in particular looks spectacular. It'll show that I want to make a difference in the world. And if you don't want a person who wants to change the world attending your college, then I'm not sure I want to attend.There are two more flyers on the bulletin, one for cheer try-outs and one for Choir Club, neither of which I'm good at, but they aren't necessary. Environmental Club is the club for me.That wasn't too hard. Being the best I can be took only five minutes.   I find him waiting for me by my locker.Before last year he and I were only slightly acquainted. We knew each other but at the same time we didn't. Just a "hi" here and a "hello" there. In the ten plus year we'd known each other we'd yet to have a proper conversation, which I have to admit is kind of weird.That all changed in Spanish class.Mrs. Goff assigned our seats next to each other. She didn't trust a class of sophomores to choose their own seats wisely, which was probably wise of her. The computer arranged us randomly and voil, instant interaction.At first I thought he was kind of annoying. I thought he was too polite, with his constant smiling and making small talk with me. Since we never really associated in the past, I assumed he was just talking to me to be nice, since our dads were good friends.It always went like this:"Morning Bella.""Good morning.""How was your weekend?" or "How was your day yesterday?"I'd reply, "Just fine, thanks for asking. And yours?"Slowly his smiles turned into wide grins and his awkward small talk became long, engaging conversations. He turned out to be endearing not annoying.I'm not sure when this happened exactly but I was suddenly comfortable around him. I could have a conversation. I could joke with him and accept any teasing from him. I could look him in the eyes when we were together, which I couldn't do for long with anyone but my best friend and small handful of other people.That soon changed when Jessica Stanley, who knows everything about boys, saw him walk me to gym. She immediately declared he had a crush on me."Look at the way he acts around you! He puffs his chest out and carries your books. And have you realized that he drowns himself in cologne? He's trying to smell nice for you."I naturally panicked because he was my friend, and I didn't have an abundance in friends."Do you like him?"Did I? According to Jessica I did.From then on things with him were different. I tried to stay cool and all that jazz but I couldn't. I didn't want him to think I liked him. I was too scared of what might happen if he did ask me out or if I made a fool myself in front of him. Our friendship was too important to me and I was determined to not mess it up. Unfortunately I've never been good at playing it cool. He quickly picked up on my weird behavior.Jessica had been dead on about him. He asked me out on the last day of summer break, he flat-out confronted me and declared his feelings. Of course I said yes after thinking about it for a few days. I would've said yes sooner if it were not for my rational thinking. I weighed out every possible outcome - I didn't want to make the wrong choice and ruin the relationship he and I had built, platonic or otherwise.I think I made the right choice.He hasn't noticed me approaching him. His eyes, dark in color, are glued to his phone and his fingers are furiously typing away. Nowadays I catch him like this more and more. But that's to be expected right? He is class president after all."Jake!" I call, my voice echoing in the empty hallway. My face melts into a smile when he looks up and finds my waiting eyes. He throws a wink at me and motions me to come closer."Bells" he quickly finishes up his typing, puts his phone away, and then pulls me into a hug. His arms are huge. So huge that sometimes when he hugs me I feel like I'm going to suffocate in them. "How long have you been standing there?"I pull away slightly and offer him a smile. "Oh, not long. I just like watching you work."He peppers my face with kisses and then whispers in my ear. "Creep."I know he's only joking; still my cheeks stain red and my eyes narrow. I pull away completely from his embrace and defensively cross my arms over my chest. "Don't pretend you don't like the attention, Mr. President."His laughter booms and echoes in the still empty hallway. "What club did you choose? Or was the operation a complete failure?"Jake's hand envelopes mine and we walk around aimlessly as I tell him my short tale.   My best friend Angela waits for me outside of the cafeteria for lunch but she isn't alone. Ben Cheney is talking her ear off and she's definitely flustered. Her face is bright red; she's red from head to toe actually. If I know one thing about Angela it's that she can't function properly around Ben. To be fair, Ben can't function properly around Ang either.I allow my heart to melt for a second as I take in the tenderness that unfolds. I swear it plays out in slow motion: Ben and Ang are semi-casually leaning against the same dully decorated bulletin board I was looking at this morning. They're about the same height, Ben being one or two inches taller. Both are unconsciously closing the space between them. That is until a loud bang, a slammed locker door, echoes in the hallway.I jump, and the lovely pair jumps away from each other. Their bubble has popped and Angela notices me approaching."Hey guys." I greet hesitantly, not knowing whether I should interrupt. "Uh, I'll meet you inside Ang?"Ben's ears redden and he makes a strange noise. "I was about to go actually. Tyler asked me to help him study for tomorrow's big biology exam."I groan at the mention of biology. "I studied all weekend, yesterday, today even, and I'm still nervous.""Yikes. If Bella Swan is nervous I fear for the entire student body." Ben says with a light chuckle. His face is still slightly flushed. "I should get going, guys.""Good luck." Angela smiles softly."Do you still want to meet up later?"She says nothing. Her only response is her head furiously nodding."Cool." He goes in for a hug and it's so quick I almost miss it. Ben leaves us with a spring in his step.I look over to Angela and see a pile of mush instead. "You're hanging out later?" I ask when Ben has rounded the corner."Yeah." She sighs with a dreamy smile. "Well kind of. It's just studying.""A huh, suuuure." I drag out. My face is starting to hurt from smiling so much. "You've got it bad." I tease."Can it Bella!"We spend the rest of lunch alone at our usual table. I eat large mouthfuls of pizza and Ang gushes over Ben. Moments like this are precious to me because I appreciate my friendship with her so much more. When we're like this, laughing and spilling our feelings, I don't mind that I don't have many friends. Friends as loyal and sincere as Angela are hard to come across.   I'm going through the biology study guide for the fifth time tonight when Mom calls me from the living room. "Bella, honey, can you come here for a bit?""Just a sec!" I yell and quickly get up from my seat at the dinner table. In my haste I almost slip on the wooden floor. Luckily I balance myself on the couch's armrest. "What?""How do you set up the DVR?"I take the control from her and rather than explain, which I've done too many times in the past, I set it up for her. "What are you trying to record?""Remember the other day at dinner, I was telling your father that Celia Stanley told me I should watch World's Strictest Parents? Turns out that her distant nephew is going to be on the show.""Oh wow.""Yeah. Celia said the show really helped him turn his life around. The kid used to steal, drink, smoke, and go out at ungodly hours. Not to mention his schoolwork was unimpressive." Mom says with distaste. "Anyway, it's not airing until tomorrow, but you know I have my yoga class."I've always wondered how kids like that have so much control over their lives. Did they wake up one day and say, "Screw this. I'm living my life." because I've never gone through that. Perhaps it's my shy nature or my un-rebellious nature. Whatever it is keeps me out of trouble. I like the way I am. I'm studious, I'm loyal, I'm rational, and I'm comfortable.I set the remote on the coffee table. "All done. Need anything else before I go?"She shakes her head. "No that'll be all, honey." And then she surprises me by wrapping me in a tight embrace. "Thank you for being such a good daughter. I think I'd rip my hair out if you were anything like the hoodlums on that show."I pat her back and say, "I gotta get back to studying.""That's my girl." She playfully shoos me away. "Go on then."For a brief second I contemplate taking a break. A long, well deserved break. I already clocked in plenty of study time for the exam. A break at this point can only help me. But then I consider what Mom said about being the best I can be so I get back to my workstation and study well off into the night.   There's an annoying buzzing noise coming from under my pillow - my phone. I have two text messages from Jake.I blink for a few seconds and take in the scene around me. It's a bit dark in here, probably overcast, but nothing seems to be out-of-order. According to my phone it's only 8:20 a.m.Jake: Bells u ok? Jake: Where are u? School started an hour ago!"Sugar honey iced tea." I drop my phone when I realize what's going on. I didn't sleep until almost three in the morning and I must've forgotten to set my alarm. I want to scream but instead I roll out of bed and hurry the hell up. I can't afford to be anymore late than I already am.What a terrible way to start the day.Hello, hello! I'm new here (kinda) but I know how this works. Leave me some love (because I'd love to hear what you think) and stay tuned. FYI, this chapter is me introducing you to Bella's conventional life. Things are going to get a lot more interesting from here to the end.Up next: wardrobe malfunctions, screaming matches, and unpleasant discoveries.
