You Make Me Wanna DieChapter one - New HomeA/N: "This whole story is written in advance, just to let you know. When this chapter is up, the rest will all be written." I was so naive back then, thinking I had the self control to write it all the way through before uploading it. In my defense, I did get to chapter 15! Thank you to my lovely friend and beta, KittieKat121, who without, this story would probably be quite confusing at times! Go check her out. :) This chapter is boring but I promise promise promise it gets better. Enjoy!With a cheery smile, sealed on with my candyfloss lip gloss, I wave bye-bye to my Dad, waiting on the doorstep, a chewed up expression on his face. I don't know why he looks so sad, he was getting rid of me! The freak of the family, and my lovely little sister. Aha, that's why. His new wife loves Cynthia, my baby sister. She hates me.I'm Alice. I'm too old to be turned into her daughter. Cynthia is only seven, almost eight, and when our mother died three years ago, Daddy persuaded her that our stepmother, who truly is wicked, was her Mommy. Cynthia wasn't fooled, but played along at my cue, as I wanted her to be well-cared for. I watch the raindrops on the car window race, and Cynthia's head begins to nod. I tuck her up and the driver smiles at me in the rear view mirror. We're going to live with our Godparents, Lillian and Cedric, because I've been sent away from the institution they sent me to, because apparently I'm not crazy. Good to know. However their plan back fired when Cynthia wanted to come with me. Well, she demanded. Kicked and screamed so much that Dad eventually snapped and told her that she probably had what I had and that she would go with me whether she liked it or not. Cynthia was happy enough to go with me, though."You love her very much," the taxi driver tells me. I smile at him, nodding."Yes," I whispered. "She's my baby sister, I have to!" I joke. I looked at her little angelic face, serene with sleep, the shadows casting down on her. I smooth her hair out of her eyes and she wriggles out of my grip. I sigh, looking at her ragamuffin look, but leave her. I must have dozed off also because when I woke, the driver was looking at me kindly."We're here, little miss." He ducks his head at me. "I didn't want to wake you, so we've been here about twenty minutes." I blush scarlet and nod, although the fair of our cab is probably much higher now. I count my money, hoping we have enough. I peek at the front, and see that the driver turned off the meter for us, and I thanked him profusely for our minuscule amount of money paid. "No problem, missy, it's a very hard world out there. Take care! And of your little bundle in the back."I'm tempted to put her in the suitcase, but I simply prop her precariously on the top, making her lean on the handle. I feel this is too risky, so I spend time rearranging a suitcase so I can wheel her along in an open one. It looks a bit like a funeral casket, but I try to ignore this. I also try to ignore the strange looks I'm getting. Well, instead of looking at me like I murdered her, ask if I need help! I grumble quietly and lean Cynthia's suitcase on the wall at an angle where she won't fall out.I pull out my phone and dial the number of Auntie Lilly. That's what we call her. Always have. "Hello?" The familiar voice sings. "Is that you, Alice!""Yes, Auntie Lilly, it's us," I say uncertainly. Auntie Lilly laughs down the phone."Where have you got to?" I look around, floundering. I have no idea. I chewed my lip."I don't have the faintest idea," I laugh, because if I didn't I was afraid I'd cry."Describe it, dear.""Well, there's a...tree?" I tell myself to keep breathing, don't panic, whatever you do, Alice, you have a child with you. I squint. "Oh! Oh, I see houses!""Can you get to them? What color are they?""Uh, yeah, I can get to them, I think. One minute." I climb up the tiny hill and see it's just a pathway. I grab the suitcases - including Cynthia, and go through with them into the pathway. Cynthia stirs and I pat her shoulder."Come on, Cynthrella, we've got to get home before midnight."As a last resort, I head into the local Police Station. I timidly ask the lady at the desk if she knew my Auntie Lillian Myers, because we needed to be getting home. A whole hoard of officers come out upon hearing her name."So you're little Alice!" They say, marveling. "You're all we've heard of." I smile, thankful for their friendliness. One of the leaner officers steps forward and extends his hand. I take it, smiling broadly."Hi, I'm Chief Swan. My daughter, Bella, goes to the high school here. I'm sure she'll show you around!" I sigh, remembering high school back at my old house. It was terrible. But I give a wobbly smile for the officers, as they insist on taking me home in the police cruiser. I'm thankful that everyone knows everyone. It gives me some comfort, that if I was sent away to that horrible institution, people would know.I watched out of the window, all the people sitting in their living rooms, just relaxing. There seemed to be no privacy here. I'm not too sure how I feel about that. "Alice?" I was woken up by the sound of someone's voice. Chief Swan's. "I carried your little sister in. Your Aunt's got her. You've just got to get yourself in, okay? The bags are up in your rooms." He was so kind I felt like crying. I threw my arms round him and he stiffened, but patted my back. "You're a good girl. Don't cause your lovely Aunt any trouble, ya hear me?" I giggled, and saluted."Loud and clear, sir."It was eleven before we tumbled into bed. Cynthia crashed on the couch and so Auntie Lilly carried her up, and I dragged myself up the stairs. I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and fell into bed. I stargazed from my bed, looking out the window. I sigh contentedly.We're safe. We're home. This is home now. And we'd never have to leave.
