Bella Swan: The Enigma.Chapter 1: Mental mute.(EPOV)Edward.Moving from place to place every few years got boring after the fifth time, repeating high school was bad after the second time, history was the worst since I had lived through the last hundred years of history, and the teachers got a lot of it wrong.Forks was a tiny little town in Washington. My family and I hadn't been here before, which was something at least.''Edward we're going to be late.'' Alice whined, poking me. I merely glanced at her from where she was perched on the passenger seat. Her visions said that we would make it on time.She hit my head, earning a snicker from Emmett in the back. ''We need to get out timetables, plus, something big is going to happen, but all my visions are fuzzy lately.'' She showed me an image of a girl, I kept my face blank of emotion. She was the most beautiful girl I had seen in a while; there was something so innocent about her, with her gentle features, soft brown wavy hair, delicate blush and chocolate brown eyes, I had only seen her for a second, and I already had her face etched into my brain.She was probably like all the other girls in this small town. I pulled the Volvo into the parking lot of Forks High, earning a mix of thoughts to flow through my head, they were impossible to ignore when all five of us got out and strode towards the office.Are those the new kids . . .They're beautiful . . .Their eyes. . .Golden . .. Wow. . .That last one, Mike Newton was staring at Rosalie like she was a piece of meat, then I saw a flash, and he was comparing her to the girl from Alice's vision. I growled.''Dude, calm down.'' Jasper muttered, barely moving his lips.''Sorry.'' I replied, just as lightly. ''I'm trying to ignore the images of horny teenage boys imagining themselves in compromising positions with my sisters, god, those images need to be bleached from my brain.'' I shivered.Emmett chuckled, showing his dimples. ''Sorry man.'' I just shrugged it off, tuning out all thoughts as we walked through the door of the office.Oh My, the new kids! Mrs Cope was staring at me uncomfortably Silly, she thought to herself. He's almost young enough to be my son. Too young to think of that way... If only she knew, I was old enough to be her granddad.''How may I help you.'' She asked me directly. Too young, too young. She chanted, Ew.''We need our timetables.'' Alice giggled, knowing where Mrs Copes thoughts were heading.''Of course, the Cullen's I presume.'' They're all taking AP subjects! Wow, they must be homeschooled or tutored. Her eyes widened as the glanced at the timetables, handing them to the right person, she noticed how close Alice and Jasper, and Emmett and Rosalie were, she was going to go and spread rumours now, the bell rang for first period and we left.The first four classes were an annoying repeat, I walk in, people gawk, introduce myself, sit beside a randomer whom would sit on the edge of their seat, just itching to leave.Before I knew it, it was lunch.''Does anyone know the new kids' names?'' hissed a voice, I fished out the source of the voice, Jessica Stanley, she was sitting at the opposite end of the cafeteria from us, she was leaning forward on the chair expectantly.''The Cullen's, that's all I know.'' Mike Newton said in a dreamy voice, he was staring at the girl, Bella Swan I realized her name was, I tried fishing out her thoughts, but came up blank. I frowned.To my surprise, Bella, the one from Alice's visions spoke up. I melted at her voice. ''The Cullen's, adopted by Dr. and Mrs. Cullen, Dr. Cullen got transferred to Forks hospital from Alaska. Rosalie is the blond girl, she's with Emmett, the big one-''''Wait, you mean Together, together?'' Jessica asked in awe.''Yes.'' Bella said in a bored tone. ''They're not actually related, they just live together, it's not weird, anyway. Jasper, the blond guy who looks like he's in pain, is Rosalie's twin, and with Alice, the little pixie one. Edward is the other guy.'' She explained, her tone cold, it wasn't like she was gossiping, more like she wanted her friends to shut up. I looked up, she was there, but her mind wasn't, I couldn't get a read on her.I was frustrated. ''So he's single?'' Jessica questioned.''Don't get your hopes up Jess, but yes, he is.''And like that, Bella became a quiet enigma once again.Oh my god, Mike thought. Bella talked, I think that was the third time this year since she moved, wonder what happened to her in Phoenix to make her so mute?So, she didn't usually talk, could this be the cause of her mental muteness? It frustrated me not knowing the secrets inside one's head, I guess I was just used to it, the noise that would never go, that hum I was destined to listen to forever, sure, it came in handy sometimes, but it was a pain.Bella moved here less than a year ago then, and she never talked much, she seemed like a normal girl, apart from the mental muteness, she seemed normal, there wasn't anything about her features that was different; in fact she was just a plain Jane, but she also had a quality, one that I couldn't pinpoint that drew you in.Take a picture Eddie, it'll last longer. Emmett boomed mentally, I winced slightly, not enough for humans to see.I simply ignored him, but Alice was harder to ignore. You can't hear her, can you?I sighed slightly, looking towards the opposite wall and back again, to anyone else, I was just moving my head, it was random and unplanned, only Alice knew I had shaken my head.She frowned, grabbing her tray and dancing up. ''I need to concentrate.'' She breathed. Dumping her tray in the bin.I knew she was just going to go sit somewhere quiet and try and see the fuzzy future.And I knew it was because of this girl.Ugh, look at Mike just opening drooling over her. The weird emo girl! She's a freaking know it all, and she never talks! Her eyes look so depressed all the time, you'd think with all the attention she gets from the boys, she'd at least act normal, or even when she ignores them, they'd get the hint, no, it makes them come back for more. It's just sick. Jessica's thoughts held a vicious edge to them, a strange feeling washed through me, and I had to suppress the impulse of jumping up and protecting this girl from Jessica's thoughts.I didn't know why they bothered me so much, what was she but another little human girl, even if I couldn't read her thoughts, she probably just thought she was too good for everyone else. I was staring at her again, transfixed.''Shall we?'' Rose whispered, dragging my attention away from the human girl, that's all she was, another human girl.Whom I couldn't read.She was even interfering with Alice's visions, I wanted to ask Jasper if his gift worked on her, but now was not the right time. We rose from the table, disposing of our lunch in the bin, and I made my way to biology.I don't know why I felt a jolt shoot through me when I read Mike Newton's thoughts and found out she was in my Biology class.And I was afraid of the answer.New story! Please review and tell me if you like (or not), Bella is different in this story, she's bored with life and hate's hers, she has secrets, who knows? So just tell me if I should continue or not? Thank you ;)xxx-BATTM
