Bella's POV.I looked across into the liquid golden eyes of my lover and smiled. "I can't believe I was stupid enough to get a paper cut in a house full of vampires." I said he grinned from the driver's side and his hand came over and rested comfortingly upon the bare skin of my lap; the cold didn't bother me."Bella, love, I told you not to apologize, you could not stop it. Also, nothing bad happened." he said with a smile. I watched his soft looking lips pull up into a half-smile, that same half smile that made me and all other girls weak at the knees. I nodded to him and forced on a smile. Today was my eighteenth birthday, and Edward and his family had thrown me a birthday party, it was beautiful; with hundreds of white and pink candles spread around the room, a giant, white, three tier cake resting on the piano beside a pile of beautifully wrapped presents anyone who knew Alice, would have known she had wrapped them herself and my second family all stood there together, dressed so formally with smiles on their face all for me.But those smiles vanished when I went to open my first present and gave myself a paper cut. A droplet of blood had fallen onto the carpet. Blood plus vampires equals bad news for me but each and every one of them fought the urge to devour me. I was proud of them."Did you see Jaspers face though?" I asked Edward, he nodded and his smile faded. I regretted mentioning the moment it vanished."I must admit, he thought about killing you. For a split second but he knew the consequences and he left straight away." Edward said, staring ahead at the road before us, flying through the darkness on the way back to my house."I know, I saw his face for a moment and then he was gone. He did well though, so I'm proud." I told him and he smiled."He'll be happy to know you're okay with It." he told me. Not long later Edward turned onto my street and even from here I could see Charlie had left the downstairs light on to let me know he'd be watching. He usually tried to sneak a peek at Edward and I when I was dropped off at home, he hated the idea of us kissing anywhere near the house.Edward parked the car down the road...so we could have a few moments to ourselves. We both turned in our seats to face each other and his hand came up and caressed the edge of my jaw, his cold fingers as gentle as a feather; the tickling almost unbearable."Happy Birthday, my Bella." he told me, I looked shyly down at his hand and I felt my cheeks flame with colour and his fingers move up, his index finger brushed past my cheek. "I love it when they do that." his voice barley a whisper before he leant towards me, his hand came up to hold the back of my neck and pull me towards him, I tilted my head and closed my eyes as our lips met and the man I loved kissed me. I felt my own hands come up to hold his arm, hold anything just to have him in my grasp tightly, and even though he held me as gently as physically possible, I still felt enclosed in his arm as if we had become one."And I..." I panted when he parted to let me take a breath, "Love it when you do that." he chuckled quietly as we rested our foreheads together. I then had no control over my next action. I leant up to kiss him again, this time with more fire and more passion, as much force as I could in my kiss. I rolled myself up and over upon his lap. His hands gently helped me onto him. I sat there, the harsh denim material of his black jeans rubbed against my bare skin, but I didn't care. In a way it felt good. His hands were on my back, and on my waist, running up and down my hips. My hands ran through those brose feathers, my lips fighting with his own for domination over the others."D-Do you want to come inside for a little while?" I asked sheepishly, trying to be brave and strong but in his arms I was his and only his."I can't, my love." he told me. No. Today was my birthday, all about me. I know I told him I wanted it to be like any other day but if this is the treatment I get on a special occasion; then I'll take what I can get. My hands came down from the angular edge of his throat, down his chest until I unbuttoned the first few buttons, feeling the soft tuffs of chest hair he had as I did so."Bella..." he warned me, while he gently tugged on my lip with his teeth (Again being careful not to bite me, not that I would mind if he did)My hands left the buttons halfway down and came down; I ran them across his thighs for a second more before my hand slide to his belt buckle and I pulled it out, then I reached for the zipper."You sure you don't want to come inside?" I asked."I suppose a couple of minutes wouldn't hurt. Because it is your birthday.""Because it's my birthday." I agreed with a laugh before I kissed him one more time, rolled over and got out the car. I took off the ridiculous black heels Alice had given me and I went to walk across the road, grinning at him. He shot out of the car at vampire speed. Before he approached me I purposely stretched my arms into the air with a fake yawn as I knew doing this would raise my dress along with my arms and he would get a slight glimpse of my behind. I heard him take in a little gasp."Tease." he muttered below his breath and I laughed to myself. Then his hands were there, he hauled me up into his embrace, I felt a whoosh of hot air before I stood outside my front door. He kissed me on my cheek before vanishing into nothing. I grinned and walked inside, not waiting to get into my bedroom where he would be waiting for me.Charlie had been waiting up for me, as I guessed. But he didn't pry on my night. I gave him the short version about the dress, the cake, the decorations and the presents. He was very surprised at Esme and Carlisle's gifts of plane tickets to see mom. I think he knew though after a moment who would use the guest ticket.He was yawning the entire time so I sent him to bed, by the time I took put my shoes away, turned off the television, turned off all the lights and got to the top of the stairs, I could hear him snoring. I peeked inside; he had changed and collapsed in his bed. Perfect. I hurried to the bathroom, stripped down into my bra and panties. I wished I had picked out something better, lingerie or something sexy. But this would have to do. I brushed my teeth, sprayed deodorant and made my hair a little messy before leaving and walking into the pitch black bedroom, the only light coming from the window."Edward?" I whispered, but heard nothing. I hurried to the window and peered through but it was no use, I knew the car was too far down the street to see anyway. I reached for the lamp but found a hand instead. He turned on the lap and was resting on my bed with one hand behind his head. I chuckled and instantly felt the need to cover up as he stared me up and down. He shot up into a sitting position."So beautiful." he told me, kissing my bare stomach, I let my hands run through his hair. Feeling his soft lips on my stomach before he rose, his lips did too and they reached my breasts. I felt instant worry but he just kissed in-between them all the way up to my lips."Edward..." His name was a whisper and he silently lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist and his hands held them there as our lips met again. I was so warm, so warm even with the window open and his body touching mine. It was to beautiful to have his cold lips and my warm ones meeting."You." he kissed my lips. "Are." he kissed my cheek. "So" he kissed my jaw-line, "Beautiful." he kissed my neck with a long, everlasting kiss."I love you." I told him. Unable to say anything else. He turned us both and we fell onto the bed. He rested above me, kissing me. I reached down and pulled up Edward's blue shirt, and it came over his shoulders. I felt his fingers tug on the edge of my bra and he moved his arm around my back and quickly pulled it apart. I felt myself loosen, and I feared I wouldn't look as attractive but his hands moved up and down my body, every so often caressing the edge of my breast or nipple. I blushed the entire time. I reached down, and unzipped his pants the entire way, wanting to reach down beneath as I felt myself...growing more and more impatient. I was becoming more...detectable myself and I feared he wouldn't notice. But of course he would notice my wetness, it seemed Edward knew everything, but he was too much of a gentleman to comment on it.His pants fell down to reveal his pale but muscular legs and I was hit with the full glory of Edward in boxer briefs. I couldn't help stare only at his boxers. Black, and tight against his body. Showing his...equipment quite well against the material. I blushed again and he chuckled, I wanted to be brave. To go for it, to pull his boxers down. Inner demons told me to wait for him, but the urge was too much. I reached forward while he kissed me and my fingers found the bulge in his pants. Only the tip of my finger brushed by him and Edward was gone. It took me a second to realize what had happened.He stood in the corner of the room, much like he had after our first ever kiss and he looked disgusted with himself."I-I'm sorry Bella, I don't know what took over me." He said, he reached down for his pants."No! No!" I said way to loud, Charlie could have heard but he was already putting his pants on. "Edward no." I begged. "Please, I liked it. I know you know I liked it. Please""I'm sorry, Bella." he apologized. "I could have hurt you then, I'm not ready for that kind of closeness with you, not yet.""Please, it's my birthday, Edward please. I...I need to." I told him, he didn't put his shirt back on but opened my bottom dawn and pulled on one of the tight white vests, a piece of the many pieces of clothing he kept here. He shook his head and hurried to me, he sat on the bed next to me and I forced him to kiss me."Please, Edward, please?" I begged, sadly. He shook his head."I know you want to Bella, it kills me to even think the word no but I knew the consequences. I've seen it with the Denali's. I know it's too dangerous right now. Maybe in the close future, but Bella I'm not prepared to do that...with you. Not yet." He said and I knew I had lost the battle and the thrill of my night."Will you hold me then?" I asked, he whispered of course and pulled me close to him under the duvet. I let him cuddle me, I let myself cling to him as he did so.I needed that kind of attention, I'm a girl, us girls have needs but Edward couldn't understand I have very special needs, certain sexual needs I need fulfilling. They ate me alive when I could not express them. I needed help, and despite my love for Edward, if he couldn't be the one to help...I'd have to find someone else to help me with my problem.Hello, guys! Chapter 1 of brand new story, this one will definitely include a whole lot of graphic sex scenes. The main plot for this story isn't really set in stone, it's kind of meant to be a fun little story, well a long one I guess as there Is no end in sight and could keep going for a long time, that includes Bella sleeping around with a whole lot of men, women, both, and having a dirty time as she finally expresses these sexual needs she cannot control. Warning this chapter was very low in the graphic area, it will get much worse. Also I can probably guarantee that at one point during this story, there will be a chapter where Bella sleeps with your favourite character as in this story...she sleeps with everyone and anyone willing. If you have someone special, a favourite character you want to be involved in a chapter, review or private message me and let me know, maybe a threesome? Foursome? Who knows. I hope you enjoyed the beginning of a very dirty story. Question for Chapter One: Review someone you want to read about having sex and I'll add it to the lit of those I already have. ~FanWriter~ 
