Hello readers and fellow writers! Thanks for clicking on my story! Now this idea just popped into my head while I was reading Frankenstein in English class, so I don't really have a plan. Just stick with me and I promise I will try really hard on this story. Don't forget to tell me your opinion on it!p.s. Nothing like the book. Many changes in characters!Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight.Enjoy :3Heart BreakerChapter 1:"No Grandma, I don't want to live in New York." I say for the fifth time as patiently as I could to her."Elsie, you don't have anyone watching you with your dad constantly out of town. You need be supervised." She presses on."Grandma, I like it here. I have friends, and I can take care of myself.""Honey you are only fifteen and you will be starting high school in a couple of months. Besides you were never suppose to stay at La Push. The whole entire reason you and your father moved there was because of your mother. It's been a year now El. It's time to come back home.""I know why we moved here." I say kind of harshly. "I don't want to go back to New York, please let me stay." I beg her with a kinder voice."I'm going to talk to your father about it." She says with a decisive voice."No! I don't even get a choice in this?" I ask."El you are fifteen. You're not mature enough to make this decision. You are letting your friends and social life cloud your judgment on what you really need.""I am not!" I defend."You are. Now just enjoy the rest of your summer. Your father and I will talk to you when we come to a decision.""Fine." I bite out.I hear her sigh on the other line. "Elsie I'm doing this because I love you. I will talk to you later. I love you.""Bye." I say and slam the home phone back on the machine ending the phone call.I walk to the couch and slump on it. I put my head on my hands. What am I going to do? Is dad really going to make me move to New York? My friends are here; Paul is here. Oh no what am I going to tell Paul? He is my best friend, and my secret crush. Well it's not really a secret, just to him it is. Hey don't judge what he doesn't know won't hurt me or more importantly my heart. My phone vibrates in my pocket. I fish it out. What is with everyone calling me today?"Hello?""Hey El, are you not coming into work today?" Emily asks.I jerk my head to look at the little green number glowing from the microwave in the kitchen. 5:45. I am fifteen minutes late to work. I quickly get on my feet and grab my house keys."Yea, I'm on my way now. Sorry Emily it won't happen again." I tell her as I lock the front door and slam it shut behind me."Okay, I will see you in a few then."I hit the end button and stuff my phone into my back pocket of my khaki pants. I walk/run the short distance to Emily's Bakery. I have been working there since I was thirteen and have never been late. Thanks Grandma. I roll my eyes at her even though she is on the other side of the country. I pull out my braid and quickly rebraid it tightly to make sure not hair falls out while serving baked goods. I'm sure a customer would not like opening a bag to get a blueberry muffin and get a long black strand of hair instead. That would be hard to come up with a good excuse for it. I pull open the green glass door to Emily's Bakery. A little bell rings and Emily walks to the front of the counter with her black hair twisted back and flour on her face and apron."I swear Em you are getting bigger and bigger each time I see you."She puts her hand on her very pregnant stomach. "I know! Only a month left now!"I walk behind the counter and give her a bright smile. "Are you getting nervous?" I ask."I have always been nervous, but Sam is just now starting to get nervous. I think he is just realizing that we will have a baby in just a handful of weeks!"I giggle. I start to tie the apron behind me when the bell rings again. Emily quickly scurries to the back room and I approach the counter."Hello and welcome to Emily's Bakery. How can I help you?" I ask the middle aged woman who had a young girl with her and a smaller child clinging to her leg."I called a couple of weeks ago and placed an order for a sheet cake." She says."Can I have the last name it's under?" I ask."Gem."I nod. "Give me just a second."I walk towards the back and past Emily right when she drop down a blob of dough sending some loose flour in the air. I let out a little cough and quickly swat away the flour. I quickly skim the cake racks for the Gs.Garold.Gar.Gem!I pull out the cake carefully and set it on the counter. I take the paper work off the top of the box to make sure everything is written correctly. I flip the lid up to see 'Happy Birthday Claire' in pretty pink loopy letters. I close the box and put the paper work back on the top and take it to the front. I place the box in front of the woman and open the lid."Does everything look correct?" I ask her.She looks it over the nods. I smile at her and close the lid pushing the cake box to the side I flip to the last page of the paperwork."Great could you just sign right here." I ask pointing to the black line. "It's just to prove that you got the cake." I explain.She nods but still takes the time to read it, which I can't blame her. For all she knows we could be asking her to pay a million dollars for this cake. When she gets to the bottom she takes the pen from my hand and signs her name along with the date beside it."Thank you. Would you like some help?" I ask."No thanks I think I got it." She says then looks down at the little girl holding on to her leg. "Come on Claire we have to get to the car."The little girl lets go and follows her mom and I'm guessing older sister out the door. Before they leave I call tell Claire happy birthday. She turns around and gives me a shy smile and a small thank you.When they door shuts and no one comes in right after them I take the paper to the office and put it in the file cabinet. I always forget to do that. I can't tell you how many papers I have found that should have been in the file cabinet months ago, but never made it because of me."So." Emily says popping her head into the office.I turn to look at her. Her dark cheeks are white with flour along with little flecks in her hair."So?" I ask.She pulls the rest of her body around the corner and leans against the door jam. "Why were you so late for work?" She asks as she rocks back and forth on her feet.I get up off my knees and onto my feet brushing off the invisible dirt on my pants. "Oh, I'm sorry about that. My grandmother called me and was telling me how she thinks that I should move back to New York before school starts back up." I shrug."And you don't want to?" She guesses.I shake my head. "No I don't.""Because of Paul?" She teases.My cheeks heat up and turn red. Like I said before it's not really a secret. I'm pretty sure everyone on the Rez knows about it."And other things." I defend."Like?" Emily prods."My job, you, my school, my other friends, and mymom." I whisper the last part.My mom wanted to move back to her home town to see everyone before she passed from breast cancer. Of course she didn't tell us this; we-me and dad-still believed that she would survive and that she wanted to come back because she missed her hometown. It wasn't until she was really sick and weak that she told us the real reason."Oh El, I'm sorry. I forgot." She says.I shrug. "I just don't want to leave." I say walking out of the office.She follows behind me and takes a seat on the stool while I make a fresh pot of coffee for customers."When will you leave?" She asks sounding sad.I turn and look at her lifting an eyebrow. "Trying to replace me already, Emily?"I tease.She laughs and shakes her head. "I couldn't ever replace you. Just want to know how long you have left here."I shrug. "There isn't any telling. My Grandmother told me she would talk to my dad. So I could not be leaving, leave tomorrow, or leave at the end of the summer."I see her nod as I press the button to start the machine. The sound of the grinders crushing the coffee beans fills the silence and drowns out the ticking of the clock hanging on the opposite wall. Not too much longer after that her phone started to beep telling her that whatever is in the oven is done."My muffins!" She says happily and runs-as fast as a pregnant lady can run-to the kitchen.The night passed by slowly with only a few late customers coming in to pick up some cakes or cookies for them to take home. It finally hits ten o'clock and the door bell rings. I look up from the spot I am cleaning on the counter about to tell them that we are closed when I see that it's Sam."Hey." I say to him as he walks past.He only gives me a grunt. I have worked her for two years and I could probably count how many words he has said to me on my hands and toes. Needless to say Sam is a man of a few words, but might I say he is a good looking man. He is tall and has the dark Indian tan like Emily's but just a bit darker. He outstanding muscles that would make any body builder look at their muscles in shame. I peek into the office where Emily is typing up the reports to see them rubbing each other's noses together while Sam has his large hands around Emily's stomach.Even a blind person can see how in love they are. It's like they are each other soul mates. That is the kind of relationship I want. Two people who fit together perfectly, like a two puzzle pieces.After cleaning up the rest of the flour and sweeping up the small walkways from the front counter to the kitchen, back room, and office Emily tells me I can finally go home. I hang up my apron and clock out."What time do you want me here tomorrow?" I ask.Emily looks up at me and smiles. "Enjoy your Sunday El. I'll see you Tuesday at three, okay?"I nod. "Good night Em. You too Sam." I call out as I walk to the front door."Wait Elsie." Sam calls out.I grin and shake my head. Every time I get off at night he asks me if I want a ride home. I turn him down every single time."Do you want a ride home?" He asks from behind the counter."No thank you Sam."I smile at him and he smiles back."One day your answer will be different."I shake my head and push the door open. I hear it click behind me. I rub my arms to create some kind of warmth. I know it is summer but being by the beach at eleven o clock at night with a breeze it gets kind of chilly. I have to remember to take a jacket.I finally reach my house, and what surprises me about it is that some lights are on. I freeze. What do I do? I walk slowly and silently over to my front door. It doesn't look like it's been broken into. Maybe I just left some lights on when I left in a hurry. I relax when I come up with a reasonable explanation. I reach for the hand and it turns. Didn't I lock it when I left? I could have sworn that I did. I push it open slowly so it won't creak or rub against the floor. I take a step in gripping my keys tightly my nerves making me shake and putting me on edge."Is someone t-there?" I try to call out in a brave voice but it only comes out in a choked whisper. I clear my throat and try again. "Who's there?" I call out louder.I take another step to where I am now in the living room. I peer down the small hallway that leads to my room, the bathroom, and my dad's room."Elsie!"I scream and whip around toward the voice chunking my keys at the in the process. When I finally shut up I see that it is my father, and he does not look happy. I put my hand over my heart to feel it racing. I take in a few calming breaths."Oh dad it's just you. You scared me." I say between breaths."Where the hell have you been? I have been calling your phone for the past hour, and when you didn't answer I called Paul and he didn't know where you were either!" He yells."You didn't call me." I tell him as I grab my phone.I click the home button to see fifteen miss calls from my dad and five missed calls from Paul and three texts from him also."Oh." I look up sheepishly. "I'm sorry. I was at work. I didn't even know you were coming home tonight." I explain."At work? Do you always work this late? I don't care if it's a weekend you are walking along in the middle of the night on a Saturday night. Crime rate might be low on the Rez, but it still happens Elsie!" Your Grandmother called me. Maybe she is right. You clearly aren't mature and responsible enough to be on your own for the few days I leave you alone for.""No! Dad I am responsible!" I yell at him. "Yeah I walk home at night, but I have my phone with me and we live ten minutes away from the bakery. I have a job and I keep my grades up! I only got one B this year and rest A's! Please don't send me back to New York! Please dad!""I'm still thinking about it, but you aren't exactly showing me why I should let you stay here by yourself." He gruffs out.I cross my arms. That makes me mad. He is gone three weeks out of every month and he thinks that he can suddenly come here and tell me what I can do?"You're not even here half that time! It has been working for months now! Of course you wouldn't know that because you aren't ever here!" I throw in his face again. "What gives you the right to come home and tell me what I have been doing wrong for months?" I yell at him.His face gets red and he clinches his fist. "I am your father that is my right! Don't ever question that. You are only fifteen Elsie. Not eighteen; maybe I have been giving you too much freedom. Now go to your room."I grit my teeth too angry at him to even tell him to reconsider sending me to New York again. I stomp to my room and slam my door shut. Okay I know that how I'm acting isn't really helping my situation, but I'm mad. I unlock my phone and send a quick text to Paul.Srry about my dad calling you. I'll explain 2mrrw 1st Beach 2. Sweet dreams.I lock my phone and turn over in my bed and let the angry tears fall.So what did y'all think? Review please!
