A/n: This story has been adopted from weirdanimegeek and starts out dark, but it will be HEA. Mature scenes so please no under 18's.Thanks to katandjasper for beta'ing for mePrefacePeople of importance were scattered around the huge ballroom; people who worshipped the ground I walked on. I don't know why they respected me so much. I didn't want to be a godly figure. I wanted to be normal; death was an option too. I laughed at my thoughts... I sounded so fucking suicidal.People were talking to me; I tuned them out. I didn't want to hear what they had to say. I glare at the ones that touch me, they shrink back and apologize before walking away. Why am I so important? I stare off into space. Somebody taps my shoulder and I growl, prepared to tell this prick to leave me the fuck alone.My eyes travel to the culprit and I'm stunned into silence. I couldn't believe it. I thought I was finally away from them. They found me. My creators.Bella's POVI tapped my fingers impatiently against the wooden table. I frustratingly ran a hand through my messy hair. I couldn't believe Riley stood me up. I let out a long huff and got up from my chair. I made a mental note to ask Riley why the hell he has a preference for Starbucks so damn much. He has always expressed his hatred for coffee. He's the only person I know that loathes coffee with a passion. At times I would catch myself wondering why I was still in a relationship with Riley.I bet you love your relationship with him because you love being alone, I thought.I mentally rolled my eyes at my own thoughts. I've only experienced one evening alone, that lonely night changed everything for me. Yet I was walking to my dingy apartment in Aberdeen, a mile from where I was, in solitude.To be completely honest with myself, I probably didn't want to break things off with Riley because I was actually afraid of becoming alone. Either that or our physical attraction was awfully strong. Our relationship wasn't based on our physicality, but it wasn't exactly based on an emotional connection either.I didn't know what the it was, but there was a thing that kept on pulling me to Riley. I would always shake it off and say it was nothing, but I knew it was something. Something utterly amazing yet confusing at the same time. I have always hated being so attached to someone. It made me feel weak.I sighed one last time and slipped my hood on; I was starting to really hate the rain. You would think that since I've lived in the state of Washington all my fucking life I would just be ecstatic whenever it would rain. It was quite the opposite. Since I was little I remember I have always hated the rain.Ever since I could recall the only two people who stood out in my life were my father, Charlie Swan and my best friend-turned sister, Angela Weber. My father was the Chief of Police in the little town of Forks and I was Isabella Marie Swan, the Chief's only daughter.When I was little my mother walked out on my father and I. The bitch had the nerve to call Dad and offer to exchange sex for visitation rights. Angela had problems with her mother too and mentioned a couple of times that she wanted to be a part of my family. So when I was fourteen and Ang was fifteen we personally took charge and legally emancipated from our own mothers. I placed myself under my father's full custody and Angela was soon adopted by Dad. We even threw down restraining orders on our mothers just because we wanted to make sure they wouldn't come anywhere near our family.Besides that my dad would always teach both of us his native language, Italian. By the time I was six I spoke fluent Italian and only a couple of phrases of English. My dad would always want Ang and I to talk in his native language. Dad would always lecture Ang on how she was pure Italian no matter what. He told us that we should be proud of the Italian customs. I was to this day, but ever since my father passed away I only spoke Italian whenever I'd speak to Angela. And now that Angela was in her senior year in college I rarely talked to my older sister. I could picture my father talking to us in Italian, saying how family was supposed to talk daily.With that in mind my phone started to play 'Call Me' by Blondie, signaling that Ang was calling."Caio, beautiful, little sister.""Caio, gorgeous, big sister." I rolled my eyes at her Italian greeting. Why couldn't I just speak in English?"Good. You're not forgetting your Italian. How are you?""Okay, you?" I replied, pushing my way through the crowd huddled in the caf."Eh, I'm good. Listen, I just wanted to check in on you. Stop being so depressed. I could feel it. I know you loved Dad, but c'mon Isabella, be happy. Call me anytime, you should know that by now," Ang said all this in less than a minute.I filled her in with everything that I've been doing and she seemed genuinely interested about my life. I told her how school was going and she told me about her new boyfriend, Ben. Which led to the "How about your boyfriend" topic. Damn, I was trying to avoid it, but Ang, being the smartass that she was, took my silence as a bad sign."I can always pay someone to kick his ass."I shook my head and remembered she couldn't see me through the phone. I opened my mouth to talk and hopefully save my boyfriend's life. No need for him to actually die due to my sister's overprotective ways.I shook off her comment and told her everything was going smoothly with our relationship. It wasn't a lie, but it wasn't the truth either. We said our goodbyes and her laughter was the last thing I heard before the line went dead. I loved my sister to death, but she was always nagging the fuck out of me to live a little.I sighed and closed the phone. How the hell does Ang know when I'm reminiscing the times I had with Dad? It's so freaky. She's like a damn psychic. Italian speaking psychic. Honestly, she needed to let me mope every once in a while.The semi-peacefulness Ang left me with was cut short by my cell phone ringing obnoxiously. I pulled out my phone again and looked at the screen.Riley Biers.Great, I thought to myself. I could either answer it and get the call over with or I could ignore the call and face his wrath later. Maybe he wanted to apologize for being a dick and not showing up on our little meeting. I flipped open the phone and prepared to tell him off."Hey." That's not what I wanted to say. What the fuck, Isabella? You were supposed to be giving him a piece of your mind, and you said 'hey'. Now he was gonna think you didn't give a shit about him. Fuck. Say something, dumbass!"I'm sorry for not meeting you, it's just my mom wouldn't let me leave. And I told her I was gonna be late, but she was so determined to make me stay. I tried sneaking off at least seven times, but she would always be in my car. I know you think I'm a dick for not calling sooner and you're probably walking home in the rain and... and are you okay?" Riley's voice quietly trailed off and I was amazed. Shit, he had a lot to say."Huh? Oh ugh yeah it's okay. I mean, umm yeah I'm okay. Sorry."His laughter reached my ears and I instantly smiled. Riley would always be able to make me smile no matter the predicament. He was just one of those people who loved to cheer other people up. Another thing I had to add to his "Good Guy" column."What are you sorry about?" He asked in between chuckles."For being so flustered. You know how I get when people rant and end their outbursts with a question," I replied while I ran a hand through my long brown hair, an old habit of mine.He told me he was at his cousin's house and mentioned that Bree Tanner was there. Bree was Riley's bitchy ex-girlfriend turned stalker. I fucking hated that girl. She would always walk around, acting like every single man wanted her. I hope she gets thrown in jail because an ugly beast like that shouldn't be left to roam around the city. Being that ugly should have been illegal.I've gotten into a brawl with her once or twice. I personally thought she started it, but apparently what the hell did I know.Riley and I were in the middle of foreplay and we were minding our own business in my room when my door was busted open. Then some fucking pale girl walked in and told me to get off her future baby daddy. I was fucking pissed and horny so of course I was gonna attack. I slipped my shirt on, completely disregarding Riley's whining and punched her square in the jaw. She only yanked out my hair, but I undoubtedly rocked her crazy little world. So ever since that fight she kept her distance from me. Which was a good thing cause I didn't wanna see her jealous, crazy ass."Okay well, call me later," Riley said breaking through my haze.I promised I would call him and turned off my phone. My phone never stopped ringing.I was officially halfway down the alley when I heard heavy footfalls behind me. I slightly turned my head and saw nothing. A tremble ran down my spine from a gush of cold air and I couldn't shake the eerie feeling I had. I could've sworn I heard somebody behind me. I was starting to fucking go crazy. I turned my head forward and took two small steps forward. All of a sudden my back was pinned to the dirty alley wall. Whoever was pinning me down must have been one heavy asshole.I had all the oxygen in my throat needed to release a good scream, but right when I opened my mouth to let it out, it was covered by a large, cold hand. I instantly flinched against it and cool breath was shortly at my ear. His breath was so repugnant it made me feel nauseous. I wanted to get away from this fucker.A rugged voice full of sarcasm quietly said, "You're not going anywhere, sweetheart."A/n: Hope you all like this story, leave me a review to tell me what you think.
