A/N:  A huge thank you to Mist for Beta-ing and pre-reading this story, for the wonderful banner and for her support. And mostly for putting up with my constant chatter.Special thanks to jarms for giving me that final push towards writing.Without these ladies, this story would have never come out of my folder.Oh...and just so you know, this is my first story.Happy reading!Chapter- 1Word count- 1403Paul ignores the constant knocking on the door as he sits in his bedroom holding the tiny bundle, his 4 days old daughter, tightly in his arms. She is such a pretty thing. All pink and chubby, with tiny little fingers, toes and a cute little button nose. She has light green eyes. The same as her mother's. Paul is sure that she'll look like her mom when she is older.She whimpers a little and stirs in his arms.'Shhh...go back to sleep sweetheart. Daddy's got you' Paul coos gently at his daughter.Every time he looks at his daughter, his heart clenches. For the little girl's loss, for his lossfor his lost imprint, Veronica Lahote. She was his imprint, wife, best friend, mother of his child. She was his everything, his universe. A sob threatens to breaks in his chest as all the memories of last 4 days flood back into his mind.*flashback*Paul sat in the hospital waiting room waiting for the doctors to finish whatever they were doing. Jake had not let him wait outside the delivery room. He had asked him to calm down and wait in the waiting room, telling that his anxiety and tension might effect his wife . Veronica had gone into labor earlier that day. The doctors said she couldn't have a normal delivery. Paul lets a long sigh, worrying about her. His wolf could feel his imprint's anxiety, her pain.The pregnancy had some complications at the beginning. But his wife was adamant on having the baby. Now, Paul was thinking if letting her have the baby was a wrong decision. Sure, after the first few months, everything had progressed normally. But you never know what can go wrong in the body. Now all he could do was pray for his wife's life. He wanted her to get better. At this point, his wife became the top priority and not the baby.Slowly, Paul could feel it in him. Something inside him was slipping. He knew what it meant. But he wasn't ready to accept it. Maybe they were going to lose the baby. Paul tried to reassure himself. He closed his eyes tightly and prayed with everything he had. Prayed for his imprint's life.A warm hand rested on his shoulder. He opened his eyes and saw Leah sitting next to him."'The doctor wants you Paul" she said.He nodded and got up to walk towards the delivery room. He tried so hard to ignore the unshed tears in Leah's eyes, the thickness of her voice. He didn't want to acknowledge the empty feeling in his chest. It was as if a part of him had died. As they moved closer, his feet became heavier. They refused to move. Paul had to drag them unwillingly. The feeling was increasing every moment.Slowly, his pack came into view. He could see Emily crying . He could see the pained look on all his brothers' faces. Could see pity for him. But he did not want to accept any of it. Maybe he had lost the baby. He just wanted to hold his wife and console her on their loss. They could always try again.The doctor came out and stood in front of Paul. Her aging face , a professional mask . "Mr. Lahote, congratulations. You wife gave birth to a daughter . The baby is healthy. The nurse will bring her out any moment now," she paused for a moment, her mask slipping to show some amount of sorrow.Now Paul was waiting for her to tell that his wife was ok. He consciously ignored the fact that she had used the word 'gave', past tense. His dark pleading eyes bore into hers as she continued "'butam sorry Mr. Lahote. We couldn't save your wife. We tried everything we could, but she had gone a little too far for saving. I'm really sorry for your loss."Paul was staring at her as if she was speaking an alien language.The doctor felt for this young man standing in front of her. She patted his back, "Stay strong, son. I know this is hard, but you have to do it for your daughter" she said with a forced smile and left.Paul's senses were numbing. It was hard for him to process this news. He did not want to accept it. He collapsed into a nearby chair.His pack mates were calling out his name, a hand was gripping his shoulders, shaking them to get his attention. But Paul could not feel any of it. He was slipping into something deep and dark. He just sat there staring into nothing. His eyes were red, but no hint of tears in them, as he was yet to accept this news.Everything after that was a blur. He had sat like that for god knows how long. Then, out of nowhere, he had stormed into the room, after pushing away the hands that had tried to get in his way. There, on the stretcher was his wife. She looked so calm, as if she was asleep. But there was no sign of life on her face. That was the last string. Paul let everything sink in. He couldn't take it anymore. He broke down there as he held his wife's lifeless form in his arms. He sobbed into her neck for what seemed like days.He was angry that she had done this to him. She had promised him a lifetime of love and support and now, she had broken her promise. Had left him all alone to suffer. He felt like a little boy lost in the world, with no where and no one to go to. He couldn't take this pain. He wanted to die. Wanted to go with her. He decided that he would go with her. He adjusted his wife back on the stretcher, kissed her with all the love he had. He wanted to act on his plan. Wanted to kill himself.But all that changed when Leah came in with a tiny bundle in her arms. There was affection written all over her face. Slowly, she sat next to him, carefully cradling the bundle closer."Your daughter, Paul" she whispered.Paul refused to look anywhere but this wife's face .Leah continued."Don't, Paul. Just look at her once. She is not responsible for any of this. Don't you dare blame her for any of it. She needs you. You are the only one she has now. So don't even think of doing anything stupid. Veronica would want all the happiness in the world for her. I'm sure even you'll want the same. Just hold her once" . Then she had gently placed the bundle in Paul's arms.Slowly, Paul had looked down to see his daughter for the first time. Just one look at the little girl and he had given up all the plans of self destruction. He wanted to kick himself for even thinking that this little thing in his arms could ever cause something bad. His wife had left behind something for him to live for. Their daughter. At that moment, Paul decided that he would give this little angle every happiness in the world. He would never let her miss a mother's love and affection. No matter how hard it would be for him, he would fight through this for his little pup. Though he had lost the center of his universe, he had found this precious little thing to live for. He would strive to be the best father.*End of flashback*Two days later, he had buried the love of his life. It was the hardest day of his life. His pack and their families stood with him , for him. But nothing eased the pain. He had become stone like after that. Not opening up to anyone, not letting anyone near him. He didn't allow anyone near his daughter .He felt very protective of her. He had locked himself in the house for a day now. He didn't want anyone right now, except for his daughter. He wanted to be left alone.Again, he could hear the knocking on his door. But he ignored and rocked his daughter gently, trying to put her back to sleep. He was still getting used to being a single father and the duties and responsibilities that came along. It was not easy, but he was learning. He would, eventually.A/N: So, there it is. I would love to hear your thoughts about it. Let me know what you think in your comments.Chamsp.
