So... New story! I have no idea why I'm doing this since I already have no time to write and a few stories to finish but here you go. Please let me know what you think. Reviews = happiness and with my workload, happiness is needed :) So here you go, my dear reader chums. Enjoy! It was the first day of October. The clouds were a dark shade of grey, despite it still being only mid-morning, and they rumbled with the threat of rain. With great reluctance, Paul forced himself to leave the comfort of his bed and head for the bathroom. If he wasn't showered and dressed respectably within the next half an hour, Sam would chew him out for being irresponsible. Not to mention Jacob Black.Today was the day that Lydia Black turned twenty years old. Paul hated the young woman with a passion but he had no other choice but to attend the party that was being thrown for her birthday. After all, Lydia was his imprint.The irony of the situation was not lost on him. At just under a year younger than Lydia, Paul had spent his entire life hating her. For as long as he could remember, they had always disliked one another. Paul felt her to be bossy, bitchy and completely annoying. It angered him greatly that he had imprinted on her the very second he had seen her after he first phased. The Gods couldn't have gotten it more wrong, he thought to himself. There was no way in hell he would ever love Lydia Black.Across the other side of the reservation, Lydia Black closed the last button on her cream coloured shirt and brushed her fingers through her long, midnight black coloured hair. She took one last look in the mirror before shutting the door of her bedroom and making her way downstairs to the living room, where she knew her family would be waiting for her."Where the hell is Paul?" Sam mumbled to Emily.The entire Pack and their families were situated around Billy Black's home. They had all gathered to celebrate the birthday of his youngest daughter, Lydia, and Paul was over an hour late."He'll be here." replied Emily; gifting her fianc with a reassuring kiss on the cheek."Jake's going to kick his ass." Quil added, with an air of glee in his voice.As much as Quil was Paul's friend, he couldn't resist watching a good wolf fight between Jacob and Paul. The two had never really gotten along and their relationship had only worsened in the years since Jacob had begun dating Bella Swan."Shut up, Quil." Jared stated, as he handed a sandwich to his girlfriend, Kim."I'm just saying. Jake's pissed."Just that second, as if by magic, Jacob appeared; his face a picture of thunder,"Where the hell is Paul?!"There wasn't a single bit of Jacob that enjoyed the fact that Paul had imprinted on his sister over three years ago. Paul was a well-known man whore and Jacob knew that his sister was way out of Paul's league. The only blessing, it seemed, was that Lydia seemed to know it too. She hated Paul just as much as Jacob did."Relax, Black. I'm here."Paul's voice echoed around the kitchen as he entered. He had gotten distracted flirting with a pretty blonde girl who had asked him for directions. Not that he was going to tell Jacob that."You should have been here ages ago.""Well, I'm here now.""It's not good enough.""Oh, stop whining, Black. It's not like I killed your damn cat or something.""Paul." Sam warned.The last thing anyone needed was for a fight to break out. Sighing angrily, Jacob forced his body to relax and he ignored the urge to yell even more at Paul for being so inconsiderate."Just go and give Lydia her present,.""Present?""Yes. Her present, Paul.""Paul, you did get her a present, right?" asked Jared.With a nonchalant aura, Paul shrugged his broad shoulders."For fuck's sake!" yelled Jacob. "It's her birthday! She's your imprint!""Hey, I didn't ask for her to be! I didn't even want to be here!""Enough!"Sam's voice boomed out loud and clear and he was certain that guests in the living room would have heard his outburst."You two need to stop. Paul, Jake's right. You may not like it but Lydia is your imprint. The least you can do is go and say happy birthday.""I don't -""I. Don't. Care. Go and do it. Now."With a scowl, Paul balled up his fists and made to storm out of the kitchen and follow his orders, when he was prevented from doing so by the appearance of the birthday girl herself."Why is he here?" Lydia stated, referring to the hot-tempered wolf-boy.Paul was the very last person she wanted to see on her birthday."Lee, you're his imprint-" started Jacob."But I'm not his bloody wife! Or even his girlfriend for that matter. I don't want him here.""Fine by me, princess. I don't even want to be here.""Don't call me 'princess'""Whatever. I'm out of here."Pushing passed Lydia, Paul stormed out of the kitchen and quickly made his made out of the house; ignoring the stares and whispers that followed him. He was shaking with rage and wanted to be as far away from Lydia as possible. Oh, how she infuriated him. He had barely gotten a few feet away from the house before he heard his name being called out."Paul!""Go away, Princess.""Stop calling me that!""Then stop following me!"Stomping her feet on the spot, Lydia yelled out into the morning air and began to run after Paul, whose great speed had helped him to further the distance between himself and her home. She reached him in just under a minute and grab him by the back of his black, cotton shirt."Paul!""What do you want?!""I want you to stop being such a dick to me.""Then stop being a spoilt little bitch then.""Hey, I didn't want you here today. I'd be quite happy to never set eyes on you again. You seem to think that you're doing me a favour by turning up on my birthday. You're not! All you're doing is ruining it like you ruin everything else you touch."For Paul, Lydia's cruel words were the last straw and he felt his fragile grip on his anger finally break. In mere moments, his body had begun to shake with such a violent force that he was almost sure his bones would break. Seeing what was happening right before her eyes, Lydia took a number of steps back. She had seen what had happened to Emily years before when Sam has lost control over his phasing, and had turned far too near to her. The ugly scars were a constant reminder of how dangerous it was to run with The Pack, and Lydia cursed the fact that she had found herself imprinted on by its most volatile member.The transformation had in the blink of an eye. One second, Paul was a man. The next a large wolf with fur the same colour of the dark grey sky above their heads, stood towering over Lydia; advancing upon her slowly. The wolf bared its sharp, white teeth and snarled with a deafening volume. Lydia knew that she should be scared by Paul's wolf but her anger at him was drowning out her fear.She was angry. She was enraged at him of all the time. He had ruined her life by imprinting on her. She could never leave the reservation now. She knew that neither her family, the Elders nor Paul's wolf would allow it. Because of an ancient legend and a magical gene, Lydia was destined to spend the rest of her life tied to a man she did not want and she resented Paul for that."Lydia! Get away from him" she heard Sam shout.The two were a quite a distance from the house now and she knew that it would take Sam at least a minute to reach them. With every second that passed, Lydia stood her ground. She never wavered as Paul moved ever closer towards her. Not even when his face was just centimetres away from hers did she move. She refused to give him the satisfaction of seeing her run away scared."Oh, the big bad wolf is mad.""Lee!"Jacob's voice rang out loud and clear and she didn't have to turn around to know that by now, her brother and Sam would be running to protect her."Well tough shit. Suck it up, Paulie.""She's fucking crazy!"The words reached Lydia's ears. Instantly, she recognised the voices. Embry, Jared and Quil had clearly come out to watch the show. Maybe Quil had a point. Maybe she was crazy. She was taunting a wolf that was more than capable of tearing her to shreds, and treating him as if he was a harmless puppy.Before she could say anything more, she was surrounded by various member of The Pack. Jacob grabbed her by the arms and started pushing her away from the grey wolf, who was still snarling and digging his giant paws into the green grass."What are you doing? Are you insane?!""Back off, Jake.""In what bloody universe do you think you can take on Paul?!""Calm down. Paul wouldn't hurt me.""Lee!""Jake!"Making his way through the small crowd, Sam ordered Embry, Quil and Jared to return to the Black household. By now, he knew, Emily would be worrying. Against their will, the three young men made their way back to the house and left Jacob and Sam to deal with the confrontation between Lydia and Paul."Jake, take your sister back home. Now"Simultaneously, the two siblings began to argue with Sam; with Jacob arguing that he should be the one who got to deal with Paul for threatening Lydia, and Lydia arguing that she wasn't a fragile child that needed to be protected."This isn't up for discussion! Go! Now!"Grumbling, Jacob forcefully pulled his sister away who did not take well to the instruction. Carefully removing his clothes and leaving them in a pile next to time, Sam letter his inner wolf take control of his body and phased within seconds.Why did it have to be her?! Paul whined.Paul, she's your imprint. You can't treat her like that.Ignoring his leader, Paul continue to dig at the grass with his paws. He needed a release from the fire-like rage inside of him that always seemed to manifest whenever Lydia was around.Why her? Anyone else but her..
