Disclaimer; I do not own any characters. They all belong to Stephenie Meyers. Authors Notes; So here is chapter one of my new version of Lying To Love.Hope you enjoy He was my husband's Dad for God sake. I knew it was wrong and that eventually we would get caught, but at the time it felt so right. He just took my breath away. His gorgeous eyes, blonde hair, his amazing personality and beautiful smile. I loved him and that's all there was to it. I didn't think of Edward or Esme. I knew it would absolutely crush them if they found out, but I was only thinking of me and himCarlisle. It's not like it was planned, because it wasn't! It just sort of happened!I had just got out of the hospital from visiting Alice, my sister in law and best friend. She had been injured pretty badly after her horse Bruno went crazy and threw her off him, causing her to be thrown against a wooden fence and finally slamming down onto the concrete floor, hitting her head on the way down. She had been in a coma now for 3 weeks, so I was back and forth to the hospital, sitting with her, talking to her, willing her to wake upbut so far there was no sign of her gaining consciousness. I sighed, as I began to unlock my car. All I wanted was for her to be okay.'Bella! Bella!' I heard a familiar voice shouting my name. I turned from my car, to face the direction of the voice shouting me when I saw a tall, blonde lady running towards me. It was my doctor and Carlisle's friend Rosalie Hale.'Shit' I whispered to myself, once it had registered to me that I hadn't seen her in months.'Hi' I smiled.'Bella, it been at least 5 months since your last appointment with me, you were supposed to have your injection months ago. I've been trying to get in contact with you, but your phone has been constantly engaged. I haven't got any appointments now, so I can quickly fit you in now for a check-up and the injection. If you want it and have the time?''I...I have had a lot on my plate recently. I've got a new number and forgot to inform you. I completely forgot about the injection too...thank you, that would be great' I stuttered.I walked with her towards her doctor's office, and explained the reasons as to why I hadn't had an appointment recently. Once we entered the room I took a seat opposite her desk and waited for her to join me, whilst she went to collect my medical file. The room didn't really look like a doctor's examination room as it had family photos and pictures all over the walls, there was also a bookcase full of books. They looked a bit like medical books. I suppose that would make sense since it was a doctor's bookcase. Rosalie walked back into the room and sat on the chair in front of her computer and turned to look at me.'Right, Bella. Before I give you the injection I need to ask you to take a pregnancy test'I felt my jaw drop, as I stared at her in disbelief. I couldn't be pregnant. Not at my age, I was only 20 and only recently married. It wasn't the right time for me and Edward to have a child yet. Neither of us were ready to be parents. How could she think I was pregnant anyway? The way she said it seemed like a total assumption being she hadn't even asked me any questions or anything. Was I getting fat?'It's only because of how many injections you have missed. So therefore I can't give you the injection yet just in case you are pregnant. It's just a precaution, don't look so worried' She said as she passed me the pregnancy test.'Don't look so worried?' I thought to myself as I walked towards the private toilet with the pregnancy test, how dare she? This was absolutely terrifying, how could I not look worried? There was no way I wanted to bring a child into mine and Edward's marriage right now. We had only been married for 3 monthsand well with the way Edward could be sometimes it really wouldn't be ideal for me to be pregnant right now. Don't get me wrong I loved Edward but he would hit the roof when he found out. He had told me that he didn't want children until we were at least 24, the main reason as to why I actually went on the injection in the first place.'I want to live my life to the fullest before we settle down to have children. I want you all to myself, I'm not ready to share you' I recalled him telling me before he passionately kissed me.I peed on the stick, and walked straight back into the room passing it to Rosalie straight away, not wanting to look myself. I wanted this to be over straight away, I didn't want to wait around. I wanted to get home, lie down on the sofa, snuggle up and watch a good film, with a smile on my face.'It's positive' she smiled' I need to do a scan to see how far gone you are, if you would like to just pop onto the examination bed so we can see your little angel on the screen?''I'mI'm what?' I asked in shock, my eyes wide with fear. I was in total shock, how could this be happening? I didn't know how to feel, should I feel happysadwhat? I had always wanted to be a mom but only when me and Edward were both ready, I was willing to wait until he was ready and had sorted himself out.'Pregnantthere are options Bella' Rosalie began to speak, pulling me out of my thoughts.'No!' I almost shouted, cutting her off before she could continue. There was no way I was going to abort this babyI couldn'tnot again. If I had to go through this pregnancy on my own then so be it. I would do it alone. I didn't need Edward if he didn't want to support us. It was up to him now.I slowly rose from the chair and hesitantly walked over to the examination bed, for the ultrasound. I rolled my t-shirt up and she put the cold jelly on my stomach, before she did the sonogram. As she put it on my stomach to find the baby, I looked towards the screen and tears formed in my eyes as I saw the tiny life growing inside of me.'You're 12 weeks gone Bella' Rosalie informed me.Whoa. How could I be 12 weeks pregnant and not have realised? I mean I had, had a lot of things on my mind these past few months, but that doesn't excuse 12 weeks. I mean I hadn't had any signs at all that I was pregnantthat I had realised. I guess I have been stressed with work lately and mine and Edwards honeymoon and not forgetting Alice. So I haven't really been paying attention but still'O...Okay' I stuttered. 'Is everything okay?''He or she looks perfectly healthy' Rosalie smiled comfortingly. 'Congratulations'She printed off a picture of the ultrasound, so I could show my family and Edward. Edward? How was I going to tell Edward? My biggest worry was Edward. I didn't care about anyone else's reactions. Not even my dad's.I thanked Rosalie and left the hospital. As I got into my car and turned on the engine on, the radio immediately began to play.You know I'll beYour life, your voice your reason to beMy love, my heartIs breathing for thisMoments in timeI'll find the words to sayBefore you leave me todayTears streamed down my face as I listened to the words, I turned the radio off. I couldn't handle it. I needed time to think, to let everything sink in. I started driving, driving anywhere, anywhere away from all of my problems, from telling him. Edward. After about three hours of driving around, thinking and crying I ended up at mine and Edward's cottage. I pulled up on to the driveway, turned off the engine of my white Toyota Prius and checked my BlackBerry phone. 6 missed calls off Edward, 8 off my Dad, 4 off of Edward's mom, Esme and 16 missed calls from Edwards father, Carlisleand that's without including the messages I had off them all. I wiped my eyes, and looked at my phone in confusion. Why was it out of all of themmy own father, husband and the woman I looked at as a mom, that the one that seemed more concerned and worried was Carlisle, who I hardly spoke to.'Oh god' I thought to myself. I looked in my compact mirror; my face was a mess from all of the crying, I had done. I grabbed a Kleenex out of my bag and quickly cleaned up the tears, before applying some make-up to try and hide the fact that I had been crying. I took my time to get out of the car and walk towards my gorgeous cottage. I opened the door and was taken aback instantly by how many people were in the house. Edward, Edwards Dad Carlisle, Esme, my Dad Charlie. All of them looking pale and panickedespecially Carlisle.'Bella, where have you been? We've been absolutely worried sick; you've been gone for hours. Do you realize what time it is?' Edward ran over too me, with a stern look in his eye but hugging me anyway. 'I thought something had happened to you!' I looked over at the time as he said this. It was 12:30am, I had been at the hospital, doctors, and driving for over 8 hours. No wonder everyone had been worried. I didn't reply to Edward, just stood there in his embrace taking in what would probably be the last hug we ever had together after he had found out about the pregnancy.'Has something happened Bella?' Carlisle's voice spoke in the background. I nodded, looking over towards him and my dad.'What's happened? Have you been crying?' my dad suddenly asked.'Wow, fail at hiding you've been crying Bella' I said out loud sarcastically without realising.'You've been crying? Babe, what's wrong? Are you ok?' Edward questioned panicking, putting on a show in front of everyone. He let go of me, looking me up and down making sure I wasn't hurt or injuredplaying the concerned husband.'Edward, I'm not hurt' I whispered. As my Dad, Esme and Carlisle rushed over to me. I began to feel dizzy and needed to sit down. I pushed my way past them all to get to the sofa, I sat down, and resting my elbows on my knees I put my face into my eyes and silently sobbed. I needed to tell him now before I worried myself sick and whilst I had the courage.'Edward, I need to speak to you' I hesitantly spoke. Esme looked at me with concern all over her face.'Do you need some privacy?' she asked gently. I shook my head. If I told Edward in front of my dad, and his parents maybe he wouldn't react how I expected him to by himself.'Bella, honey. I'm really sorry but I need to be at the station in 5 minutes. Now I know your okay, I really need to get going. I'm sorry sweetie' dad apologised. I nodded, and felt a tear run down my face, worried sick that Esme and Carlisle would leave too. I watched as dad whispered something into Carlisle's ear and Carlisle nod in reply before my dad left.I stood up and watched out of the window as my dad drove away in his cruiser. The one person I desperately wanted here, but of course his work came firstas it always did even when mom and I lived with him when I was younger. The main reason she left him.'What's gone on Bella?' Edward asked, coming to stand in front of me.'Edward...when I tell you this please don't get angry? I want you to be happy. We can work this out. Promise me, please?' I mumbled, not caring how it sounded to Carlisle and Esme.'What is it Bella?' He growled angrily, as if he knew exactly what was coming.'I'mI'm...''Spit it out Bella!' He shouted with venom in his tone.'Edward, calm down. Give the girl time to speak. You can see she's upset' Esme spoke in shock of how her son had just spoken to his own wife. The first time she'd ever heard him speak that waybut it wasn't the first time for me.'Pregnant' I splutteredHe looked straight to the floor, not looking me in the eyes at all. I knew this wasn't going to go well.'Say something' I begged.'Like what Bella?! I'm absolutely thrilled for you, just what you fucking wanted! You've done this on purpose haven't you?!' He snarled.'No Edward! I can't believe you even think I would do that! Trust me I didn't want this eithernot with out relationship at the minute. I love you Edward, I do but I'm not getting rid of our baby no matter what you want. I wanted us to both be ready before we had a baby and for you to have sorted yourself out, so why would I do this on purpose?' I screamed at him. How could he think I would do that to him? I wouldn't dream of it, I loved him and honored him, so why would I go behind his back and purposely make sure we got pregnant?'Shit happensokay? Look, I am keeping this baby. You can be as involved as you want but I am keeping it. I just hope you make the right choice and stay with us, be happy, be the fantastic father I know you can be. Please just stayI need you...I love you''Bullshit! I want nothing to do with this, you know my feelings! I'm not ready yet'. He picked up his car keys to the Volkswagen Jetta, and began to walk out of the door.'EDWARD!' I screamed as he walked out of the front door. 'Where are you going? Please, stay?' I begged him, falling to my knees in tears. Esme was at my side instantly, looking at her son in disgust and trying to calm me down.'How dare you speak to your wife like that?' I heard Carlisle raise his voice from behind us.'Stay out of this dad! I'm getting out of here! Out of this shit town. I can't take it anymore Bella, this is bullshit! This whole relationship is bullshit and your nothing but a bitch. Its over! Me and you are over Bella! I want nothing of this life anymore! I wish I never met you, then none of this would have happened!' He stared at me the whole time whilst he broke my heart into a million pieces. How could he do this to me...not just me but our unborn child too? The child he helped create? He turned away, climbed into his black Volkswagen Jeeta, and turned up the radio so he couldn't hear my cries. He looked at me one last time, not one tear forming in his eyes, as he reversed out of the drive and drove away.I lay in Esme's arms for what felt like hours. Her arms soaking wet from my tears. I looked up to where Edward's car was before he left and slowly began to stand up.'Carlisle help her up' Esme whispered. He obliged and helped me to stand. I shrugged away from him and began to run towards my car my legs shaking beneath me, and my vision blurred when I felt a pair of masculine arms around my waist trying to stop me from going. I struggled against Carlisle's arms, knowing full well it was Carlisle, but he wouldn't let go. I turned around in his arms and collapsed against his chest.'Pleaseplease just let me go' I whispered quietly through tears, pushing him away from me and running to my car. As soon as I got into the car I started the engine and left. Both Carlisle and Esme tried chasing after me but it was no use. I was leaving. Running away from mine and Edward's problems just like Edward had done.It's a quarter after one, I'm all alone and I need you nowSaid I wouldn't call but I lost all control and I need you nowAnd I don't know how I can do withoutI just need you now.'FUCK YOU!' I screamed at the radio, before looking up at the road. Then it all went black. That was the night everything changed for me, nothing to be the same again. Ever.
