Title: Moments in LifeGenre: Fluff?Rating: TPairing (for fanfiction): Seth/BellaDisclaimer (for fanfiction): All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.There are moments in life that tend to make your heart race. That first kiss from that special someone. The first time you make love. And the first time you jump off of a cliff. This time now would be the last one. I've been a wolf for only two weeks. You've seen others do it expertly. Never showing just how scared they actually are; never letting on to how nervous one would get. The others jump and laugh all the way. I sit back and watch. Sam, Embry, Jake, Paul, Jared, Leah; hell even Emily jumps off gracefully. My heart races as it's now my turn."Come on, Pup. You're up next." I hear Paul tease."Don't get scared on us now, Pup. It's a rite of passage." Jared piped in."It's okay if you don't want to do it, Seth." Sam's smooth baritone pushed through the teasing."You can stay back with Bella since you two are so close." Embry chimed in."It's not like you'd be a wimp or anything." Quil taunted."Stop it. All of you leave him alone." Bella spoke up as the guys all pulled back a little. She looked down to where I sat. "It's alright Seth. I've only done it once."Everyone dispersed leaving Bella and me. "It's not that I don't want to, Bells." I started as I gripped her hand. "It's just I'm a little nervous.""It's okay Seth. Ever since my first fiasco, I've been nervous too." She said lookin in my eyes."I can see how that would be difficult." I concluded as I heard the double meaning. "Do you want to try with me?"Her eyes snapped to mine and I felt myself imprint all over again. She's my world and as long as she's there, I'm good."Let's do it." She challenged.We stood as everyone stood along the cliff. The closer we got the fast we started to run. She squeezed my hand and I hers. The moment I felt myself push off I felt light, weightless. Then gravity kicked in and I heard the distinct sound of girls screaming. Everyone had jumped after us.The icy touch of water to my overheated skin, the look on Bella's face as we resurfaced to the waning light of Dusk made me glad I did what I did. The laughter of the pack around us was intoxicating and contagious as Bella's laugh infiltrated my ears. I turned to my imprint as we all floated and bobbed around."Now that was a jump you two." Sam laughed out as Emily clung to him."Good job, Pup." Paul congratulated."Now you're a man." Jared added."Thanks guys, but I couldn't have done it without my girl. I love you baby." I said turning to look into those shining, soulful eyes that belonged to the one person more important than anyone in the world."And I love you. My big, strong, brave warrior." Bella whispered as I kissed her senseless.
