Chapter One- Caught out in the act.Jayden what are you doing?! My mind screamed at me and I pushed him away breathing heavy."Stop" I said firmly, he looked at me in confusion."Jayden?" he asked"Look, I just we need to talk first" I said with my hands on his chest, I looked up at him, he nodded and sat on the bed."Before I could even let this continue I have to ask, do you still love Bella?" I asked him, my heart pounding both after what just happened and waiting for his answer."No" he said standing up, I pushed him back down by his shoulders, he grabbed my hips and rested his chin on my stomach as he stared up at me."Then answer me this, are you still with her?" I asked, he fell silent and looked down, my heart sunk."No" I breathed angrily and shoved him away from me, he fell back onto the bed hard now and I walked to the window, tears prickling my eyes."Jayden wait! I don't love her!" he cried"It still doesn't make it right!" I yelled at him and he looked down in shame"Jayden I am so sorry" he said"I was cheated on once, with Zac, I loved him so much and we was engaged, he broke my heart, I was a mess after drinking smoking and hating myself wondering 'why did he do this?' and 'is there something wrong with me?' because after the life I had as an early teen with a drug addict mom and a dad and brother miles away he was my rock, my salvation. And he wrecked me, I'm not saying that is the same with you and Bella, but if she ever felt something for you then I am sure she will be hurt by this" I said wiping the tears away, and I killed Zac, he turned into a leech and tried to bite me so we could be together but he didn't need to know that part."Jayden I love you and just when this was about to work" he said and I sighed and turned around and nodded."And I love you too, but I will not let you cheat on somebody, even if it is Bella" I said touching his cheek with my hand."I am going to end it with her so we can be together" he promised, I took the hand he held on my cheek and laced my fingers with his."I am counting down" I said smiling."me too" he whispered and I hugged him tightly, it was a warm hug that I could stay in forever."Did I ever say nice apartment?" he asked smirking"Thankyou" I mumbled into his shirt and he laughed.-.-.-.-I made him leave, not rudely though! I just told him he should leave because I was heading out, I wasn't really but I wanted to go and get something from the liquor store.They didn't ask for ID because let's face it I look older than 22.And on my way out I bumped into someone."oh shit sorry" I mumbled and then looked up, it was a guy with dark brown hair and sunglasses."oh my god Jayden?" Mira asked and I looked up and smiled"Mira!" I yelled hugging her."Long time no see" she said raising her eyebrow."I've missed you" I said"And I have missed you! Uh oh, you leaving the liquor store equals bad news. Talk?" she asked"not here, and I brought wine too" I snapped and she began laughing."how about I come round, drink, talk and watch movies? Oh and online shoe shopping" she said"when we do that we end up braiding eachother's hairs and spilling nail polish on my white carpet" I said laughing"Okay no nail polish! I need my best friend" she said and I nodded"be round I an hour and bring food" I said and she hugged me.I got into my beloved Jeep and drove home, I really should take her off road but I couldn't bare getting her hurt, I have seen the men stare at my baby lovingly, they have a right to be jealous, I would be if she wasn't mine.I put my sunglasses in the dish with my keys and ran a hand through my hair.One hour.I walked into my bedroom and pulled out my onsie and I texted her.'come in your PJs' and she instantly replied 'you read my mind!'I put some music on in the shower and left my hair wet, I couldn't be bothered to dry it and I'm sure my high bodyheat will dry it in no time.I dressed in a grey onsie with pink elasticated ends on the wrist and feet, the interior was pink and it wasn't one where it covered your feet, I don't like those ones.I put out some bowls, a variety of glasses and bottles on my coffee table.As I sat on the sofa I pulled out my phone and began to text Leah.'hey how are you?' I sent and then got a 5 minute later reply, dam slow texters.'fine, I got a date, ttyl' she said and my eyes widened'NO WHO WITH?!' I demanded'the guy you set me up with he is hot btw, he seems totally into me and I I think my you know wolf likes him' she said and I squealed, Billy told me that that is like the female wolf's way of submitting to its other half (its mate) I smiled so widely, this is perfect!'I'll leave you too it then madam'  I sent smiling and put my phone in my pocket, the phone buzzed and I ran to the elevator door and saw Mira in the elevator on the screen and I buzzed her in and the doors opened.She was dressed in a leopard print onsie and they laughed and smiled at eachother.-.-.-.-"So wait, this guy who is hot as hell and you have had your eye on for what? Like a year now?" she asked but I cut her off."I didn't 'have my eye on him' yes he is sexy and I was attracted to him but he was a complete jerk off to begin with" I added and she nodded and sipped the red wine."yes, he claims to have loved you, even though he was a dick to you, groped you that time, messed with your head and strung you along, to finally get this Bella girl, who I am dying to meet by the way, and she better be good looking or I swear I will smash their heads together, anyway he finally gets her, you get Daniel who is now dating Leah?" she asked and I nodded and she carried on."And you almost sleep with him after all of this but stop yourself to ask him if he is still with Bella? And you find out after your past engagement went to hell because of the fact that Zac, who has not been seen for a while, cheated on you and then he promises to break it off so you two can be together? I'm sorry JayJay but I don't think he will be loyal" she said, oh if only she knew of the magic of imprinting!I took a nice gulp of the sweet expensive red wine and nodded, my life is so dam hectic!Half way through Silver Linings Playbook, my phone rang, it vibrated on my leg and I laughed at the tickle and Mira looked at me with a raised eyebrow."It's what 3:15 in the morning, who is calling you?" she asked slurring, I giggled drunkenly"Well I guess we just have to find out" I said jumping up from the couch and staggering over towards the kitchen."Yello?" I asked and Mira began to laugh at me, I shh'd her whilst laughing."Jayden?" Jacob's husky voice rang through my ear and I stood straighter."Jacob" I said and Mira oo'd me."its done, can I see you?" he asked"Um Jacob I have company" I whispered"get back to bed!" Mira yelled and then began snickering"Mira shut up" I whisper yelled covering the mic, I knew he could here that though."Oh" he said"Are you drunk?" he asked"Nooo" I said laughing."I will let you get on with whatever you are doing, I love you" he said and I bit my nail"You too, bye" I said and ended the call."he said he loved you" Mira said and I rolled my eyes"Shut up" I said and sat down beside her, she laughed at me.-.-.-.-.-When I awoke I lifted my head up and then something wet spilled all over me and I gasped and shot up"Mother Fuc-" I yelled but stopped myself when I saw Mira sleeping across from me and covered a hand over my mouth, the red wine had spilt all over my Pjs and I growled just glad it didn't touch my soft white couch, I stood up and placed the wine bottle on the coffee table and stretched and yawned and picked up all the trash and walked towards the kitchen to dispose of it.The wine began to get sticky combined with my high body heat, I felt gross so I decided to carry Mira into the spare bedroom what? The boys just don't get the strength! She was out cold and made my job easier, I tucked her in and drew the curtains, I knew she was a heavy and long sleeper so I walked out and began to tidy up my apartment that looked like it had been turned upside down and shook and then drop kicked and well then it comes close.I swallowed the scream and glared at the nail polish and red wine stains on my white carpet in front of the balcony windows.Dammit Jayden! Whip out a few bucks to get that fixed, she better pay half.I sighed and ran a hand through my hair in frustration staring at the stains wishing them away, I gritted my teeth and walked into my bedroom and fell onto my bed, I opened my eyes after running a hand over my face and stated at the calendar on the wall, it was my own one ( not to be vain) and it was one for seasons I had other girls with me on some but it was mine.Then I noticed the red crosses and the mark on the right week.Oh shit.No no don't panic you just may be late, we used to be late all the time before calm down don't over-react.I was just a few days late, its nothing just give it time.I decided to push it aside, even if I was pregnant I don't even know if I could keep itI know abortion is murder but I'm a model for crying out loud! Wait no this is your problem and your responsibility if you are pregnant and it would be Daniel's baby then you would have to face it as the adult you are. Just because of your actions you shouldn't kill an innocent life for it.Dammit!I sighed, no forget about this Jayden for crying out loud! You just need to calm down, shower and go out, you promised to meet Jacob and you have a meeting with Laurenzo.My manager texted me and said it was officially at 1PM and now it was 11:46AM and I had barely any time to get everything done."shit shit" I whispered and ran to the bedroom and picked out an outfit, a long white knitted jumper and some black leggings and a pair of black vans, I didn't have to dress up but I picked out a nice outfit that made me look presentable so I added a leather jacket and some necklaces and bracelets.I showered and then dressed myself straightening my hair today and doing my makeup with a smokey eye and eyeliner with a pink lip tint (because I hate lipstick) and I left the concealer or any of that kind of thing.I walked over to the kitchen and made myself some food and some for Mira when she wakes up, I left a spare key and told her to lock up and slide the keys through the bars or the mailbox.I jumped into my car and sped off to the meeting.-.-.-.-.-.-"look okay I just need five minutes! The meeting was later than it should have been" I said on the phone to Leah, everyone demanded my attention today! Paul wants me to come over, dad wants to see me because he and Amie are back from their honeymoon, but what I really want to do is to have one minute to myself, Mira kindof ruined that having ran into me yesterday."Okay you better hurry up" she whisper yelled and hung up."Give me a break" I whispered leaning my head back against the seat and closing my eyes.I hadn't noticed I had fallen asleep when my phone rang shocking me awake.I opened my eyes startled and looked around, the clock on my phone.Oh fuck my life.I had fallen asleep for an hour!I answered Leah's call."What the hell Jayden!" she yelled"Leah Im sorry I fell asleep! I have been so tired okay Im sorry" I said and she sighed"Look Im on my way now okay" I said driving immediately."okay Jayden look Im sorry too" she said and I smiled"apologies accepted" I said and hung up.-.-.-.-.-"I really like him, oh he is so sweet" she said and I just sat there feeling awful knowing that I could may aswell be pregnant with his baby! What about Jacob? Oh Einstein you didn't think of that one did you?!"that's nice" I said and she frowned at me"whats wrong with you? You smell weird" she said and my heart began to pound and I swallowed thickly"I have to go" I said standing up"oh okay" she said, I had spent 1 hour at her house, Seth walked in."Jayden!" he yelled and hugged me tightly""Seth" I said hugging him back, to be honest I wanted to escape back to my apartment and figure out what to do with my life."woah you smell weird" he said"thanks new perfume" I said running out and bumped into something."fuck shit" I growled"Jayden?" Jacob asked and I looked up at him and felt relaxed in his arms."Jacob" I said and he kissed me, I pulled away"what is wrong?" he asked"I just feel so stressed out" I whispered and he hugged me me and my white lies."Shh" he said and I closed my eyes"just everyone is so demanding and my career they want me to do all this stuff and ugh I just need a minute" I said and he kissed the top of my head, I wanted to push him away and run to my car, I just couldn't face him right now, I need to find out the truth."I have to go" I said pushing him away"what? Jayden I haven't seen you!" he yelled"Jacob I have a million and one people demanding my attention I am really busy today I really need to go" I said almost begging for him to turn away and leave me alone, its horrible but I really just need a moment to think.He grabbed my hand as I tried to rush away."jayden what is it?" he asked"Jacob please" I begged and he kissed me and hugged me again"Jacob!" I yelled"Shhh" he soothed and I sighed"let go of me" I said and pushed him away, he looked hurt"Im sorry" I said running to my car and getting in, I texted Rachel asking her to tell Paul because I knew he never checks his phone when I text him that I would have to go round tomorrow or something.I drove home before stopping at a coffee shop and a pharmacist to get some food and coffee and you know what, then stood impatiently waiting for the elevator to get to my apartment.I yanked the railings up and then stormed into my apartment, not seeing the spare keys and sliding on them and falling face forwards onto the table hard.I hit my upper body and then hit my head on the edge.Then I blacked out.Hey! Started off on a bit of a cliff hanger there! Nothing ever goes right for Jayden does it? So what should I do with the baby drama? And it feels good to be back here! Oh and PS if any lines or words look out of place or don't make sense, its my laptop it works at a snail's pace and I have noticed it has been doing that on my other stories, ugh its so frustrating so I apologize for that! It isn't here when I type it but then I check it on fanfiction and ugh it is! It really bugs me.Please tell me what you think! ffixed, she better pay ghalfwine stains on my white carpet infornt of the balcony windows-.-.-.-.-d sat down beside her, she laughed at me.nd he kitchen." my leg and i ectic!has not been seen for a while, cheated
