Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Chapter 1BellaI couldn't stop thinking about it. No matter how hard I tried. My mind couldn't seem to move past the image of her cold, mangled body on the stretcher. How I had known, even before the paramedics told me, that she was gone.She'd never again walk into my bedroom and ask me about my day. She'd never again pick me up from school and randomly swing by and pick up ice cream for the two of us down the street.She had been the total opposite of me; eccentric, spontaneous, a free spirit. I was the one who had kept the house from burning down; she was the spark that would always start the fire.I missed her with every fiber of my being. There wasn't a word to express the emptiness I felt now. I felt as if part of me had left with her."Bella?" my father awakened me out of my reverie, bringing me back to the present.Right. The present. Charlie had just picked me up from the airport in Port Angeles, beginning the awkward, one-hour long drive to Forks, Washington.I hadn't realized just how long I had spaced out for, only now noting how the car had pulled into the driveway of the off-white, two-story house. My new home."We're here," he said, gauging my reaction, before moving out of the car to collect my things. I sighed, throwing my head against the headrest, wishing that he'd stop acting so cautious around me. I wasn't a ticking time bomb. I wasn't about to explode any second.Somehow, I couldn't find it in me to resent Charlie for his wariness. He didn't really know any better, and it wasn't his fault. I hadn't exactly made a visible effort to talk to him in the past fourteen years since my parents had split up. He'd reached out to me, of course, but I'd always kept my distance.The guilt once again gnawed at me, seeing my father lugging the two heavy suitcases I'd brought with me up the stairs. Following him silently, he pushed open a door, revealing something that I assumed was going to be my bedroom from now on."It isn't much. I know it's not as nice as what you had in Phoenix, but I hope it'll do," Charlie said bashfully, rubbing the back of his neck as a smile touched my lips. He'd bought a new bed for me, complete with fresh floral-printed sheets, as well as a desk for me to get all of my work for school done on."No, it's great. Thank you, Dad," although I preferred to refer to him as Charlie when he wasn't around, I understood that it was more respectful to call him 'Dad' to his face.He left me to my devices after that, allowing me to begin unpacking my stuff into the chest of drawers that had been squished into a corner of the room.After a while, I collapsed onto the queen-sized bed, snuggling into the duvet, and allowing myself to indulge in relaxation - something I hadn't been allowed the privilege of doing in weeks.When I eventually woke up from my slumber, yawning softly as I stretched, I peered through the large window, noting that the sun was still hovering in the sky. Checking my alarm clock, I realized that it was only three o'clock in the afternoon.What to do, what to do.I took the stairs two at a time, ready to invade the kitchen cabinets for a quick bite, only to find that most of the cupboards I searched were empty. Somehow, I had a feeling that this was a norm for Charlie.Wonderful, I thought sarcastically, finding a Post It stuck to the fridge in messy handwriting:Bells, Went back to the station. Sorry there isn't much to eat. I've left some money in the cookie jar, so feel free to stop by the grocery and pick up whatever you want. I'll be back home around nine. -CharlieFrom that simple note, I inferred that there was a strong possibility that from now on, I was going to be doing most of the cooking at home. It didn't even look as if Charlie had used an oven in the past fourteen years. I guess that was one of the things that Rene and him had bonded over  their lack of culinary skills.I sighed, feeling a fresh wave of pain envelop me with that single thought of Rene. Wrapping my arms around myself, I began to calm down with a few deep breaths.As much as I was currently acting like it, I was making a promise to myself that I wouldn't be the sad, lonely girl at school. That would've been the last thing Rene would've wanted for me. She would've wanted me to make friends, be happy, move on.I had to move on. I couldn't allow myself to live in the past for another second.With that single thought, I straightened myself, grabbing the bills from the cookie jar as I slipped into my coat.It was only as I began walking out of the front door that I stopped short with a sudden realization: Right. I don't have a car. Giggling to myself at my stupidity, I decided that I'd walk to the grocery instead. It couldn't be that far away, seeing as this wasn't really a huge town to begin with.I'd definitely need the fresh air, anyway.Biting my lip as I began the relatively short trek to the grocery, I resolved that I would have to soon breach the topic of me getting my own car. I didn't think I'd be able to live with the embarrassment of always having Charlie drop me off to school in the police cruiser. I know, my thought process sounded completely superficial, but I couldn't help it.Soon enough, I immersed myself in looking down at my feet, keeping away from any haphazard rocks or things that would propel me to trip. I was already clumsy as it was  I didn't particularly want to have a messy fall on the pavement.There were a few cars parked in the lot of the store, most notably a shiny red BMW, which stood out in the pile of mediocre scraps of metal.Wow. I hadn't realized that anyone in Forks owned flashy cars. Immediately, I wanted to smack myself in the face for thinking that. How was I supposed to know anything about a town I hadn't visited since I was three?I grabbed a cart, rolling it down the aisles and picking up whatever ingredients I figured that I would need to cook dinner. Picking up a pack of pasta, some tomato sauce, and cheese, I grabbed whatever else I'd need to make some classic spaghetti.I grabbed some cereal as well, figuring that I'd need it for school tomorrow.Tomorrow. A wave of nausea washed over me thinking about how my first day was going to go. I was dreading entering a new school, making new friends. I mean, I wasn't anti-social, don't get me wrong, but I didn't exactly enjoy the fact that I would be the new girl in school.The center of attention.Wrinkling my nose at the thought, I was about to push my cart in the direction of the cash register, when I noticed a girl looking to be about my age staring confusedly at the different bottles of pasta sauce in front of her.I was slightly taken aback at her looks. I mean, I wouldn't call myself ugly, but I was pretty plain compared to a lot of people, this girl especially.With long, wavy brown hair and matching eyes, a heart-shaped face, and a slim body, I definitely wasn't anything compared to the tall blonde standing in front of me with curves that any girl would kill for. I wondered momentarily if she was a model.I had no idea what compelled me to go over there. Maybe it was the fact that I felt sorry for her, seeming so obviously irritated and confused. My inner helpful nature kicked in, and I found myself standing next to the model-like girl, posing a question, "Having trouble deciding which one to buy?"Her head snapped towards me in surprise, and I almost expected her to shoo me away. With her scary good looks, I probably wouldn't have been too offended.Instead, I found myself even more stunned when a smile appeared on her face as she sighed, "Yeah, my mom told me to buy some pasta sauce, but she wasn't exactly specific and there are so many different kinds, and so many different brands, I just have no idea which one to go with."I understood her predicament, knowing exactly how that felt, beginning my search through the labels.My eyes soon landed on the classic tomato and basil flavor, which ironically had the least calories. I hoped that I wasn't stereotyping the girl, but she seemed to be one of those calorie-counters, so I suggested it. Explaining that most people tended to go for traditional red pasta sauce, she seemed pleased and grateful at the end of my explanation, extending her hand out to me:"I'm Rosalie by the way, but you can call me Rose. I don't think I've ever seen you around school before Did you just move here?"I could tell that she was worried that I hadn't just moved here and that she'd simply not noticed me at school, so I reassured her, "Yeah, I just moved her from Phoenix to come live with my dad. I'm Bella."Recognition passed along her face almost instantaneously, "You're Chief Swan's daughter?"I nodded, smiling politely, surprised when she began making conversation with me. I had known even before moving here that I'd be the talk of the town, since not much tended to happen in Forks. So naturally, when it did, it was a big deal and everyone knew about it.I suspected that she knew about my mom as well, from the way her eyes had briefly showcased a hint of sympathy, before flashing back to curiosity. But I was more than grateful when she had decided against bringing the subject up.After chatting with Rose for a good ten minutes, I felt satisfied in knowing that I would at least have one familiar face to look forward to seeing at school."See you tomorrow, Bella. Thanks again for the help. I'm sure the lasagna will be amazing," she grinned at me, as I waved goodbye, proceeding to the checkout.Preparing dinner had been more relaxing than I'd originally thought. While waiting for the pasta to boil, I'd heated up the spaghetti sauce, adding various seasonings to the dish, while I began reading The Maze Runner. Just when I was immersing myself in the book, I heard the sounds of the water bubbling over, marking my page before setting the book down and going to turn off the heat.My mind wandered back to Rosalie, wondering whether or not she was simply being nice because of what had happened to my mother, or if she had genuinely taken an interest in me.No, she'd been perfectly friendly to me even before realizing who I was. Sighing to myself, I covered the two pots, picking up my book to continue reading until Charlie arrived home.About fifteen minutes into reading my book, I heard the sound of crunching gravel as the cruiser pulled up in the driveway. Then I heard a second, heavier-sounding crunch and what sounded like an older engine.My interest peaked, and I gazed out of the front window to notice Charlie chatting with one of his friends from the reservation. There was the police cruiser, and next to it sat a rusty red pickup truck. My eyebrows scrunched together before my eyes widened, seeing Charlie walking towards the front door. I didn't think he would've approved very much that I was spying on him.Thankfully, I dashed into the kitchen just as Charlie called out to me, "Bella, could you come outside for a second? There's someone I want you to meet."Careful not to trip, I grabbed my boots, making my way down the steps of the front porch, shaking hands with the man in the wheelchair and the teenage boy who looked to be his son."Bella, this is Billy Black and his son, Jacob," I smiled at the two of them as they both beamed back.Jacob later jogged my memory, reminding me of the times when we were little, and we'd made mud pies together."Aren't you going to tell her?" Billy nudged Charlie, who immediately plastered a sheepish grin on his face."Tell me what?" I asked, turning to my father who patted the huge hunk of metal that Jacob had driven over here."Well, I figured that you'd much prefer having your own car to drive to school, so when Billy offered to let me take the truck off of his hands" Charlie left the sentence hanging, waiting for me to react."Wait, you bought me a car? Well, a truck but still. I don't know what to say, Dad. This is more than I could've asked for. Thank you," without really thinking about it, I hugged Charlie, probably for the first time in years, surprising both him and myself as he laughed at my obvious enthusiasm.I think that that had been the most I'd said to him since he'd picked me up from the airport.I was being honest  I'd obviously wanted a car, but I would've been willing to buy my own with some of the money that I'd saved up over the years. The fact that Charlie had bought me my own car was a huge gesture; one that I appreciated enormously.The guys all came into the house, and I worried for a second that I hadn't cooked enough spaghetti for everyone. But even after all of the boys had helped themselves to a generous plateful, I noted with a pleased smile that I still had enough left over for me to get a full serving of my own."Bella, thank you for the meal. This is definitely much better than the usual hamburgers at the diner," Charlie commented with a laugh, making me frown. Wait. Was that what he had been eating to stay alive all this time?That was it, then. I was definitely going to be making some changes around the house - home cooked meals being at the top of my list.Charlie, thankfully, didn't seem to notice my worry, helping me collect the plates and pile them into the sink. He offered to wash the dishes for me, but I could tell that he had had a long day, so I waved him off."Well, I'm gonna head back to La Push to drop these folks back home. Don't wait up for me. You should probably get some rest for school tomorrow," Charlie gave me a smile, and I smiled back, waving goodbye to everyone.Billy and Jacob thanked me profusely for the meal, and I tried not to read too much into the fact that Jacob's eyes had lingered on me, as Billy's had traveled between the two of us.Sure, Jacob seemed like a great guy, but even now, I just couldn't see us being more than friends.Heading up to my room, I laid down on my back, staring up at the ceiling.Boy was I completely not ready to face school tomorrow.A/N: So that's the first chapter! Nothing crazy, but I thought it was a good introduction to what's to come in the story. I realize that Rene is always the person who has died/gotten hurt in my stories, and I have no idea why that is. I just feel more comfortable letting her go over Charlie. The next chapter will revolve around Bella's first day at school. Who knows? Maybe she'll meet a certain bronze-haired guy there?Please leave me a review! The story will eventually pick up (hopefully).OH and for those of you wondering: this story will be updated weekly :D XoxoLoveACullen 
