The Cullen's1. Not KnowingThe pain moves all around my body, I feel I could die that second right then, it continues for what seems like forever. Finally all the pain and aching exits my body, but a new pain enters my throat it burns I don't think it could ever stop, I need a drink my throat burns.I open my eyes there I see a man who is pale and is eyes are red with a milky film over them his black glossy hair runs down his back onto the hood of his heavy black cloak "hello, dear Bella are you thirsty" he cooedAll I could manage was a weak nod, and I was confused why was he calling me Bella? My name isn't Bella."Well I have something for you your going to love it" he responded and showed me a cup from behind his back, he handed it to me.It was a white cup with a white top and a long white straw coming from it I couldn't see what was inside it but it was warm and it smelled amazing, I took a sip and it immediately soothed my burning throat, it tasted so good, I downed the large cup of whatever it was and my throat eased up a little but the burning wasn't fully satisfied."Would you like some more?" he asked politely. "Ummm yes please my throat burns badly" I exaggerated a little. "I'll be back in a sec." he replied one second then the next he was standing right in front of me holding a cup exactly like the one I was holding, he replace that one with the one he had just gotten and left in one swift move he was so graceful there was something about him that wasn't human.I finished this cup too my thirst was satisfied there was only a faint burning sensation that I could deal with. I looked around the room it was light so it must be day time, there was tall bookcases filled with old, dusty books they looked like they were in perfect condition I walked over to them though I think I ran I was so fast. I picked a book out, A Catskill Eagle it read I decided to read it.A few months laterI have now read nearly all of the books in my little room; Aro the one who created me comes in every day to give the hot mouthwatering substance that sooths my burning throat. He doesn't tell me what it is and he wont tell me what I am because now I have figured that I am not human I do not need to eat food and I don't need to sleep and I am very fast and strong and I have amazing sight, smell and hearing. Aro teaches me, English ,math, science, history, geography, art also and sculpting. He also teaches me languages I know Italian, German, Dutch, Spanish and obviously English.2. Escape"so my dear Bella wouldn't you just love to get out this room?"Aro asked. I thought about it for a second but I wanted to ask him a question before I answered his. "Why do you call me Bella? My name is Aria" I ask"Well, did you know Bella means beautiful? He asked"Yes""Well, you are one of the most beautiful creatures I have seen in my whole existence" he replied "so did you want to go out for a little""I suppose I do" I said"Ok, Jane, Demetri and Felix will go with you, stay safe dear one and Felix will tell you what to do""Who are Jane, Demertri and Felix?"I ask"let me introduce you. Jane" he calledA girl a little taller than me with blonde hair and dark, almost black, red irises came in she was beautiful."Demetri"A man a lot taller than Aro or Jane came in he had the same eyes as Jane but brownish hair with natural blonde highlights"Felix"A man with longish brown hair came in he had the same dark red eyes as demetri and jane he looked like he would be very strict with me so I knew I wouldn't mess up whatever we were doing."come along child we are going hunting" he said in a cool calm voice.I didn't know what he meant by that and I was about to ask but Jane saw my confusion and rolled her eyes at me."Master, please can I tell her""She will find out soon enough" Aro repliedI was still so confused."What is her name?"Felix asked"Bella" Aro repliedI just went along with him it seemed easier than arguing after all he must have the most authority they called him walked out the room into a round room with uneven stones for the floor and three thrones. I assumed one belonged to Aro.By now it was dark. Night time."so, Bella , Jane will go with you most of the way but we like to split up as we scent our prey" Felix said as we exited the room.before I knew it we were outside and Jane was dragging me along to the west while demetri and Felix went east."just follow my lead" Jane instructedI nodded. We ran south for about 40 miles. By now we were out of volterra , Aro had told me where I was and that I was part of the volturi."we can split up now go for people that look like they don't have a family to go back to. People that wont be missed" she said , then disappearedI understood what I was I should have thought of it before. Iwas a vampire. Aro had been feeding me blood , he had been killing people for me so I could have their blood. I was a killer , Aro was a killer. I didn't want to be a killer I couldn't live with that if I was even living. I couldn't go back there had to be another way to live or to exist.Then I started running east then changed my course south until I reached the coast, I started swimming east I knew they wouldn't be able to follow my scent in the water but even before I had made it hard for them to follow my scent I jumped around and didn't touch one bit of the beach. I swam all day and night then I found land I sensed I was in north America Seattle and if the myths were true about vampires burning in the sun I couldn't stay here I stared running north to a rainier colder place that barely saw and sun Forks, Aro had taught me well, unfortunately for him.Would he miss me would he think I got lost or would he know I ran away.I got to Forks in the night. I was wondering through the forest when I saw lights I was confused I didn't smell humans, then I saw the house or mansion, I walked up to it I listened. No beating hearts? I smelled a completely different scent too. I'd never smelt this before but then again I hadn't smelt a lot of things. I shifted a bit to make sure I wasn't missing anything.Suddenly standing right in front of me I saw a blonde man with compassionate liquid gold eyes he looked like he would invite me in like I was an old friend, with him was a muscular dark haired young man with the same liquid gold eyes except his were fierce like I had come to harm them or something.I sensed they knew what I was."I'm sorry. I'm not trespassing am I?""not at all" the blonde one said warmly"Carlisle, she is and looke we cant get involved with her shes and immortal child, do want to get us killed?" the other one hissed"Emmett, lets take this one step at a time" Carlisle said in a cool voice.Returning his attention to me "I am Carlisle, who are you?""umm.. well Aro calls me bella but when I was human I was called Aria" I answeredThe mention of Aro's name shocked Carlisle."Why don't you come in I have a few more questions for you" he said quickly recovering."Ok" I said I wonder why the mention of Aro had shocked him.We walked through the house; it was beautiful very clean and open with light colors and glass walls. We entered a room the TV was on with a beautiful blonde girl and a pretty chocolate brown haired girl everyone in the room was beautiful.When I came in they all turned around they all gasped and went into hunting crouch , I only knew what it looked like from when I saw Jane when she hunted. They were scared of me."It's alright, she is just answering some questions, she isn't dangerous"The brown haired girl looked at the bronze haired man with a worried expression all over her face"she's at home, with Jacob" he whispered I don't think I was meant to hear but I did anyway.Carlisle told me to take a seat so I went to one of the one person chairs and he took the sofa."so you said Aro calls you Bella, but while you were human your name was Aria" he begins"yeah, I was pretty confused at first but then Aro said I was one of the most beautiful creatures ever, so I figured I wasn't human""do you know what we are?""yeah.I'm..a..vampire "I stuttered "but I don't want to kill humans or hurt them for that matter that's why I ran away" I rushed"ok, well you don't have to kill humans to be a vampire""I don't?"This news amazed me"you can drink animal blood" he said "that's how we live, why we have yellow eyes, would you like to try it?"I think your eyes are lovely, and yes please I would love to try it" I almost screamed I didn't know this could happen I didn't know that vampires could live like this."iv still got a few more questions" he stated "how long have you been a vampire?""I think.about a year, but Aro kept me in a room"are you thirsty?""a bit, nothing i handle""how old were you when Aro changed you?" a woman with caramel colored hair asked"umm... few months after my 12th birthday" i replied"so your 13, if it been a year" a girl that was a close height to me with dark short hair statedi noddedCullensThe blonde man was Carlisle was the sort of leader, he was the oldest, he was with the woman with the caramel colored hair, esme, she said i should stay.Emmett, the dark haired man who came to the door with Carlisle was with Rosalie, the blonde girl, Rosalie said she would take care of me.jasper the other blonde male was with Alice, the small pixie like girl with short dark hair.And, Edward the bronze haired man was with Bella the brunette, they had a child when Bella was still human but the child was half human half vampire so it had a beating heart and blood, Carlisle said i should wait to see her.The next week i got to see her she was a little older than me her name was reneesme, somehow she already new about me.over time i began to be more in control and my eyes turned the liquid gold color darkening if i was thirsty. they told me about their human lives and we figured that my parents had died the volturri had killed them.4. PowersEdward, jasper, Alice, Bella and reneesme had powers. Edward was a mind reader, jasper could control emotions, Alice could see the future but it could changed, Bella was a mental shield so Edward couldn't read her mind, reneesme's power was
