CHAPTER ONE"I'm sorry, Miss Swanbut the card declined again.""That's impossible, there is like a hundred thousand dollar limit on that card." I snapped.I didn't like snapping at sales people but sometimes they justneeded to learn their place."Don't worry, Bella. I've got this one." Lauren walked up and handed the sales woman her credit card and then whispered, "If you were having money issuesyou could have told me."I shrugged off her hand on my shoulder, "I am not having money issues. I'll pay you back."The sales girl handed my bag to Lauren as if to note that I didn't pay for it and all I can think is how when I get home, my father will hear an earful about this. I snatch my bag from Lauren before she even has the chance to say one more thing and stomp out of the boutique."SoI will see you still for brunch tomorrow?" Lauren questioned."Yes, LaurenI will have your money and for the inconvenience todaymy treat. You can pick the restaurant.""Okaybut just call me if you need to cancel." She finished suggestively.Without another word I turn around and stalk off to my car. What a fucking day. I was so embarrassed; I can't even imagine anyone having a worse day then this. I see my car a couple of feet away and some rent-a-cop checking it out."Excuse me, do you mind?" I ask as I throw my bag into the backseat of my hot red Mercedes convertible.The rent-a-cop rips something off his pad and hands it to me. "Meter expired.""Are you fucking kidding me? I was like a minute late.""Actually a little more than that." He replied."Whatever.put it on my tab, fake cop." I snatched the ticket from him and get into my car. I hadn't even asked the universe how my day could have gotten worse but like the tragedy of my life, it answered.I loved driving down Wilshire with the top down on my car but in the summer months of California, the temperatures managed to rise a little too much for comfort. I turn on my A/C and it reminds me of my stupid brother, yelling at me last week for wasting money on gas to air condition myself while the top is down on my car. All the money in the bank and I have to be the one to end up with a penny pincher brother. Sometimes I wonder how we are even related.I arrived home and threw my bags down to go over and grab the phone. I began dialing my dad's work line since I know at this time of day that is where I'll catch him. It rings and rings.My father travelled often for business and it wasn't uncommon to not even know if he was in town. He had a house over in Malibu but when I was eighteen and he finally got tired of me complaining about the ocean weather damaging my hair among other things, he bought me my first house in the Hollywood Hills. This house was just a few miles from all the greatest clubs, restaurants and shopping places. My dad understood what a young girl needed apparently.Of course sometimes it could be a little lonely living by oneself. I didn't even have a staff except for a cleaning lady who came twice a week so I was pretty much roughing it. But, sometimes I missed living at home, just knowing my dad was there and he could make everything right in my world. Now at days I was lucky to even get him on the phone."What is it, Bella?""Ughcould you put dad on." I groaned."What is this about?""Dammit Michael, just put him on the phone." I yelled.My stupid brother."What went wrong in your fairy princess world now? Your manicurist make your nails a little too pink?""No asshole, my credit card was declined. How is that even possible?" I huffed."Well, let me thinkyou went to Paris fashion week with Lauren and Jessica." He started."It's fashion week." I defended."You have been sleeping at the Beverly Hills hotel a lot lately." He continued."It's closer to the club""You're house is like five minutes further.""It doesn't have room service." I pointed out."Do you even hear yourself? You are the most irresponsible person on the planet.""Well, big browe can't all be Yale grads." I sniped."Yeah, like dad would ever waste his money sending you to college. Doesn't take a financial analyst to know that would be a poor investment.""Just put him on the phone, Michael." I ordered.That college remark was a low blow and he knew it."I will have our accountant make a payment right away. I know it would pain you if you missed a sale at Nordstrom's.""Let me talk to dad." I demanded."Bella, he's a busy man. Someone has to work hard around here to maintain your lifestyle. You'll see him on your birthday."Michael hangs up and I'm so infuriated I throw my phone across the room and it smashes to pieces after hitting the wall."I am in serious need of a long soak in a nice hot bath." I said to no one.The bath feels amazing and I can feel as each one of my muscles relax. I watch the facet as it continues to drip and think about my conversation with my brother. My birthday was in just a week and at least he had confirmed that my dad would be there. It was times like this when I really missed my mother. She passed away when I was seven and life just seemed to get a little worse after that.My dad became obsessed with his father's company and traded in our family time for work time. The year she passed was when we got our first nanny and ever since then it had been a treat to even have a dinner with my dad.Michael overcompensated greatly and wanted to do any and everything he could to get my father's attention. He went to Yale, majored in business and followed in my dad's footsteps so much you'd think his nose was surgically attached to my dad's ass.I didn't go to college. Instead I was given another option."Bellayou just don't meet the criteria. You would never be happy in a college setting. I'm not going to spend money on you living it up at fifty-thousand dollar a year school when you could be much happier experiencing life in other ways.""ButI thought you wanted me to go to Yale. I have the grades. That was your school; don't you want me following your footsteps like Michael?"I didn't understand why he was saying this to me. I had my worked my ass off in Bellingham Academy because I knew that Yale was in my future. I didn't want to disappoint or embarrass my father if I didn't get in."Some people aren't cut out for school. Your young and you should see what else life has to offer you. You'll make a good wife someday and I'm sure you want to live your life before you settle down. I know how much you hate it here in Malibu so I promise on your eighteenth birthday, my gift to you, any house you want."Not only did I lose Yale that day but my home. I fought to believe that my dad loved me and only wanted me to be happy but sometimes if I really stopped to seek the answer to that question...So I did what he told me to do. I went out and lived life. I partied and shopped and had my choice of men. I would find a guy and take him back to the Beverly Hills hotel because I didn't want strangers in my home. I guess I have been staying a little too much at the hotel lately. I should probably ease back on the gentleman callers.I pull the plug from my bath and watch as the water spirals down the drain. A metaphor for my life.Lauren wouldn't let me forget of her charity. She didn't hesitate to tell Jessica all about it the next day at our lunch either."I don't even know how you were able to handle yourself with such grace, I mean if that had been me standing there in the middle of Marc's with a declined credit card.I'dI'dI'd probably be in jail or something because I'm pretty sure there would be a homicide. But not you Bellayou worked through it like a real champ.""Stop being such a bitch, Lauren. Geez, my accountant fucked up. Big deal. It's fixed and will never happen again." I stated determined."Didn't they cut up the cardin the movies they always cut up the card in front of you." Jessica shuddered."No, they didn't or else Lauren's right, there would have been a homicide."I have no idea how I ever became friends with these two. Lauren, Jessica and I had a love hate relationship. We were in love with ourselves so much that we hated each other but it is so hard to find good people these days that know their way around a decent wardrobe."Eww!" Jessica gasps. "What is that man doing here, near a place like this?""Yeah, Lauren, why would you pick a restaurant frequented by bums? Where's the class."I couldn't help but rub it in a little. Payback for yesterday. The man outside the restaurant window looked like he had never seen the inside to a decent shower. His clothes were tattered and probably ten shades darker than they were supposed to be from all the dirt and god knows what else. The man turned briefly to look at us and I was taken aback by how young he looked. I was expecting some old geezer but this man was probably not much older than thirty. He had strange brown locks that sat in disarray and he was in desperate need of a shave. Hello, the Castaway look has never been in."Excuse me." Lauren snapped her fingers at the waiter. "Would you please call the authorities or something. There is a man panhandling outside your restaurant. We are not paying good money to have to watch that while we eat.""I'm sorry missI'll deal with it right away." The waiter scurried away quickly to his manager."It's so sad." Jessica commented looking out toward the man on the street."Sad? I don't feel sadden, I feeldirty." Lauren trembled at the thought with a sneer on her lip. "I swear, I must have been such a great person in my previous life.""Why would you think that?" I asked waiting for what I'm sure will be a very enlightening conversation topic."Well, you have to figure that people like that must have done something horrible in their past life to deserve a life in dirt and grime. I live in an amazing home; I have money and anything I could ever ask for or want. I read about it in a magazine, reincarnation or whatever the fuck which would make me a prime person back in my former life.""Reincarwhat?" Jessica's still working that one out and I can't blame her.We see an officer approach the homeless man outside our restaurant window and talk him into moving on."Taser him!" Lauren stood up and yelled while shaking her fist at the window."Lauren, he hasn't done anything to warrant that." I declared."So." She looked at me like I'm crazy, "My tax dollars pay their salary, I think I have the right to tell that officer how to do his job.""What tax dollars? You don't even have a job." I pointed out."I pay taxes all the time. Hello? We just went shopping and paid like over a hundred dollars in taxes." She argued."That's sales taxnot exactly the same thing as federal and state taxes.""Whatever, who died and made you the President." She huffed and sat back down."SoBella, what are we doing for your birthday? Which club did you decide to go to this year?" Jessica asked trying to steer the conversation."I was actually thinking of maybehaving a party over at my dad's place. On the beach or something.""Like a bonfireor maybe a yacht? Yacht would be cool." Jessica suggested."I don't know. I still have to ask my dad and I won't know if it's a go until I can talk with him. Michael said that he was coming to my birthday dinner so I'll ask him then.""Michael?" Jessica always turns red whenever she hears me mention my brother. I roll my eyes and look over at Lauren and see that she hasn't taken focus off the window where the man stood before being ushered off.I said farewell to my friends and leave the restaurant. I now had a whole day to myself and no plans in sight. Probably a great day to catch up on my Tivo."Can you help me out?" A voice startled me out of my planning and I practically jump out of my skin."Holy shit, what the fuck? You scared the shit out of me." I clutched my chest and look down at the very same man who had just been escorted away from our restaurant window."My apologies." He replied sincerely and for just a second I am caught off guard by the color of his eyes. A shade of green I can't even begin to describe. "Sodo you think you can help me out?""Help you do what?" I huffed.He raised his cup and shook it about making the change inside clang around."I don't carry cashand now I know why." I smiled briefly down at him, "Besides, my father always told me one should always help themselves before""Really, and what exactly do you do for a living where you're able to help yourself without asking for help?" he argued with a sly smile.And he has me."Well, excuse me for being loved and well taken care of. Why don't you just go and ask your parents for help?""Can'tthey're dead."For a second my heart drops and I actually feel sorry for him but I quickly stow those feelings."I don't think you're allowed to be herethis kind of area really frowns on panhandling." I stated before walking past him."I love this area because it reminds spoiled brats like you, that there is more to life than just money."I paused and look down at him. "Funny, since that is what you want from me.""Actually I am enjoying our conversation. Just human interaction is worth more thanmy next meal. Plus just knowing that you will go home tonight and think of that ruggedly handsome man you met on the street, who if your friends even spotted you this second, you'd probably die from embarrassment is truly" he began laughing as he sees my face turn red when I think about what Lauren and Jessica would say if they saw me now.He is mocking me. Making fun of me."Try being a better person and maybe in your next life you can come back with more in your pocket and a cup you use just to drink out of." I snapped.I can't believe I just said that. That damn Lauren poisoning my mind."Wait a second." The man with his dirty brown hair and green piercing eyes jumps up from off the ground. "Did you just make reference that I deserve thisbecause I wasn't a good person in my last life?" he points to himself.I don't know what to say."I may not be Richie Rich but at least I'm not Richie bitch." He added.My jaw dropped but I recovered quickly. "Better to be a bitch then to be alone and homeless.""I may be homeless but I am far from aloneI have you to keep me company." He teased with a wink. I gasped in disgust and this time I keep on walking even when he yelled after me."Come on Richie BitchI'm just playing. No need to credit your credit card twisted."And that's what I get for engaging with someone like that.I finally get home and slide into something comfortable before throwing myself on the couch with a quart of Ben and Jerry's. I turn on the television practically pounding on the buttons of my remote and for the first time I realize that something has upset me and indeed I can't help but think of the homeless man on the street. Ruggedly handsome? I think not."Ugh, I hate when people make me think." I complained out loud once again to no one.I sigh and stuff my face with Cherry Garcia and he is right because I do think about him and I was wrong because I may not be homeless but I am definitely alone.My twenty-third birthday finally came and no more thoughts were to be had of that dirty man on the street. My dad was coming today. We were going to have dinner at the Roosevelt hotel tonight and I would ask him if he would consider having my birthday party with a few friends and acquaintances at his house this year. I spent all day getting ready for this dinner and I knew that my dad was king when it came to birthday presents.Tomorrow, Lauren and Jessica and I had are normal birthday plans at the Ivy where we would sit and enjoy brunch while keeping a keen eye out for celebrities. I had been to many a Hollywood party and celebrities were always the scene but being as talented as a crow, I just never really got into them except when scandal followed. Hence the reason I practically lived and breathed the E! Entertainment network. All scandal, all the time.My car arrived at six pm sharp to come and take me to the restaurant. I knew that Michael would come and even though he was a little weasel, I guess it was the right thing to be surrounded by family on your birthday but I would much rather have a night with my dad to myself."Swan reservation." I announced as I entered the restaurant."Good, evening. Is the whole party here?""My father should be here soon. If I could just go ahead and be seatedmy heels have a time limit.""Of course, follow me."I sat there enjoying a glass of red wine while I waited for my family to show. I was on my second glass when I finally texted Michael for their ETA. Just as I hit send, Michael walked in."Happy Birthday, baby sister.""Where's dad." I disregarded the greeting."Bad newshe had to fly to New York. Very last-minute, he feels like shit. Asked me to give this to you." Michael handed me an envelope and I felt as my eyes began to water. I was thankful for the dark atmosphere so I have enough time to compose myself.I pull open the envelope and take the card out, inside a generic Happy Birthday card that I know my dad's secretary signed it because this isn't his writing.Happy Birthday Isabella.-Charles A. SwanA thousand dollar bill next to the forgery. I throw the card onto the table and stuff the cash into my mini before turning to leave."Bella, might as well have dinnerit's on dad."I whipped around, "Tell dad to save his money, I wouldn't want to put him out."I feel my blood boiling as I try to save some grace for my departure. I jump into my hired car for the evening and think of what will help me feel better."Take me to the Troubador." I told my driver as I look out on the street and see it filled with happy wanders. Guess tonight I'll be staying at the Beverly Hills Hotel after all. I had been so good but what other way should I spend my birthday then with some stranger and hopefully a nice strong fuck to help me forget.The car pulled out into traffic and I look down at the obscene bill sticking out of my purse. I wanted to rip it up and throw it out the window as we continued forth. I take the bill and held it between my fingers just about to rip but the car comes to a sudden stop and I hear my driver curse."What happened?" I asked after I had finished bracing myself."Damn vagrant. Just stepped right out into traffic." He replied.I practically push my face up against the glass and strain to see the person he speaks of but it isn't the man I thought it would be. The man who called me spoiled and that nameRichie Bitch."Hold up." I stopped my driver from continuing. I jump out of the car in a second of sheer insanity, I chase after the homeless man. "Excuse meexcuse me."I called out again and the man turns around startled."Here, take this." I shoved my birthday present in the man's hands and he looked down and is completely taken aback. A car honked its horn and before I can get out of the street the homeless man grabbed a hold of me and starts squeezing me tight. He smelled of piss and sweat. This is what I get for trying to do something nice."All right, all right." I shrugged him off and ran back toward my car. Now there is no way I can go to a bar, I smelled like a garbage truck."Home. Justtake me home." I sighed and the car continues on. No better of a night to turn in early. I had my birthday brunch in the morning with the girls and I needed to be rested to be on top of my game with those two."So no birthday at the beach? No yacht?" Lauren asked just after I had just finished telling of my disastrous dinner the night before. Of course I left out the part about the homeless man and the traffic jam I caused on Sunset."No Michael?" Jessica added.I sighed and shook my head."Sothen where are we going to celebrate your birthday?" Lauren asked."I don't think I want a birthday party this year. It's always the same old thing. I just want to not be reminded that I am another year older." I sighed.Or reminded that another year has passed and I am still the same person with no advancement in her life."You're so depressing, I like need a Prozac just to talk to you." Lauren rolled her eyes."Oh my god, look who just walked in. Jacob Black. Man, Bella you have all the best celebrity sightings on your birthday." Jessica's eyes glossed over and both Lauren and I careened our necks to get a look at the hottest actor in the world.Jacob Black, Hollywood's bad boy and the sexiest man on the planet. He was only twenty-five and already on everyone's radar. His perfect black hair and don't even get me started on that body. I could roll sushi on those abs. I smile just picturing it for a second."Damn he is fine." Lauren drooled."He's not with anyonethat's surprising. Why would you come to The Ivy to be seen alone?" Jessica pondered."I am looking exceptionally hot. I think I'm going to go for it." Lauren perked up her boobs and does a once over in her compact. "You don't mind, do you Bella?""Why would I care? I would love to see you make an ass out of yourself in front of Jacob Black. This is like the best birthday present ever." I laughed."We'll see who's laughing when I land a date." Lauren stood up and exited our table. I wish I had her self-confidence but then again there is such a thing as too much self-confidence.Both Jessica and I watch as Lauren shakes her ass over to Jacob Black's table. She tries all her best moves and within less than a minute she is escorted away from the table by one of Jacob's security team.Jessica and I are both laughing as Lauren sits back down. She is not happy."Rejected?" I asked."Whatever, Bellalet's see you make it past the velvet rope. He's obviously here on business and doesn't want to be disturbed." She makes excuses."That's okayI don't need validation from Jacob Black, I already know I'm hot." I replied."Because you know you can't get on his radar eitheryou may be rich but you're not famousI bet that you couldn't get Jacob Black to even notice you were alive.""I feel a bet coming on." Jessica sang."I don't need to make a silly bet." I assured."Because you know you would fail." Lauren incited.Fail. I hated that word. I was Isabella Swan. I don't fail. Anymore at least."What's the bet?" I took the bait.Lauren thought for a second while she looked over at Jacob Black for inspiration."I betthat you couldn't get Jacob Black's attention. Let's say you have to be in his presence for at least one hour and thirty minutes of that time has to be full on conversation." She began.I sit there and think about it."Andyou're not allowed to use money as a way to get to him." She added."What is that supposed to mean?" I asked."It means that you can't bid on some celebrity auction to "win a date with" or you can't buy you're way in to one of his events or even buy you're way into a club that he attends. You have to access him without using daddy's credit card.""That's like impossible." Jessica noted."You'll have to rely on your looks and charming personality, Bella." Lauren mocked.It was impossible. How the hell was I supposed to get on Jacob Black's radar without using money? But seeing that smug look on Lauren's face made me want to say yes just to shock her shit so bad that I'd wipe the "C's" of her favorite lambskin Chanel purse."If I win this bet...and you lose thenyou are not allowed anywhere near fashion week for the whole year. No Paris. No New York. No Milan. Not even L.A."I knew I hit the motherlode. Jessica's jaw dropped and Lauren, I could tell suddenly didn't think this was such a good idea. She closed her mouth and I could practically see her makeup working overtime due to perspiration.Lauren swallowed before answering. "And if I win?""Name your terms.""If I winI want your dad's yacht.""I can't give you something that isn't mine." I laughed."No but you can talk him into letting me take it for a spin during the summer for my vacay down to St. Croixwhich you will pay for, if you can afford it"She went for it. She knew that my dad and I weren't on great terms and this would be the salt in the wound but then again I did threaten the holy of holies, fashion week. The one thing Lauren lived for in life. It's what separated her from the commoners."You have yourself a bet, Miss Malloy."It was such a stupid bet. I didn't have one idea of how I would ever get to Jacob Black without being able to buy my way through but I wasn't going to give up. Who knew that the homeless man with his weird brown colored hair would be my meal ticket to shutting up Lauren for good.AN: Yes this Bella is a bitch but anyone who has ever read my stories knows that its all about the evolution of the characters. Hope you liked it! Thank you for taking the time to read and review, it's much appreciated.
