I DON'T OWN WHAT YOU KNOW, STEPHANIE MEYER DOES.BELLAAs I sit in this car with tears trailing down my cheeks, I think of my mother. I still don't see how she had been blind to what HE did since I was 8 years old, what HE took from me. I guess the whole "love is blind" thing is really true. Let me hold my thoughts for just one moment to introduce myself. My name is Isabella Swan, or Bella. I am 17 years old and am finally free of what has been my life for the last decade. I am currently sitting next to my biological father that I hadn't been able to see since I was 8. This was because HE told my mother that my dad, Charlie, was one of those "deadbeat dads" that only came for two weeks and we didn't need him. I wish I had kept his number somewhere though. I don't it would have helped. HE started with the abuse while my mother was at work, saying it was a game, and in order to win I had to be quiet the longest...even when we weren't playing. I couldn't tell my mom, Renee, either as that mean I lost. I was eight and naive.After HE took my innocence, every fucking inch of it, I quit talking altogether. I haven't spoken one word since he made me bleed. HE even got doctors to tell my mom that something was wrong with my vocal cords. She found my diary about 6 months ago, it was my only outlet. When I got home from school, I found my mother in the bathtub with her wrists slices about three times and my diary in the floor, soaked. I tried to talk and call 911, but I was in shock. Instead I ran to my neighbor and got him to come over to help. When the cops showed up, we found HIM in the room, a hole in his head. The police man got me to write down my fathers name and town to contact him and I went to my room. Under my pillow, I found a letter from my mother.She apologized and told me he wouldn't hurt me, they wouldn't hurt me. She wanted me to live in Forks, which is where I am now. "A new start" is what she called. She asked me to try to remember the good memories of her, and nothing of HIM. She assured me my dad wasn't like the asshole and hopefully he could help where she failed me all these years. I wipe my eyes as my father, Charlie, pulls into the drive of a white house. I get out and follow him in with the one bag I had. HE told me I had to earn food and clothing so I didn't have much. I silently followed Charlie up to where he said my room was and stood in awe, I had a bed. I could feel the tears again, but flinched when he tried to hug me. I tried to convey how much it meant to me and that it wasn't him and I don't he knew that. He smiled and left me to get settled. I laid on my bed and just laid there, wishing I could talk to the one parent I had left."BELLA, I MADE SPAGHETTI."I smile and take my notepad out of my bag so I can talk to him before heading down. I find the kitchen at the bottom of the stairs and sit with my dad. He had already fixed his plate and I picked up my pen as I sat down."I love my room, Charlie, thank you"I scooted it to him so he could read. I watched his face and I hoped that I made him feel better. He looked up at me. "No problem, kid. Um, I thought I'd take you to school and walk you to the office incase you need help. Will you be alright with that?"I took a bite and thought about his question. I sat my fork down and picked the pen back up."What do they know?"I scooted it back to him and he sighed. "They know you can hear just fine, but I told them you hurt your cords and so hadn't been able to talk in a while. I didn't give details as it wasn't my place. I told them about the notepads that you use to communicate. They know your mother passed away, but I told them someone broke into your house."I nodded and smiled, taking the paper back. "Thank you and I would like you to walk me inside in the morning. Food's good."He chuckled, "Thanks, Bella."I smiled and took another bite.Maybe this would work out after all. Charlie already made me feel safe, which says a lot. I really hate I can't hug him as I don't want an episode. I had been doing real good and he makes me laugh; I don't want him to see what happens when my mind takes me places. We quietly finish dinner and then I head up to take a shower before bed. I quickly do my business and get into bed after sitting the alarm on my phone. I had the texting thing down pact since I didn't talk, no one called me. I didn't have friends anyway, so it was just Renee and HIM that texted anyway. I walked to my room after brushing my teeth and slipping into a pair of pajama pants and a long sleeve thermal shirt. I didn't do short sleeves as I had a lot of burn marks and scars from HIM.I lay down on my bed and watch the tree sway outside, thinking about what the doctor told Charlie when he got to me in Arizona. I heard the word "therapy" and I get why they think it might help, but I asked Charlie to just let me try a fresh start first and if that didn't work, I'd try it. My eyes drift as they get heavy and I succome to slumber. I woke up to the sound of thunder and it took a moment to figure out where I was. I sit up right as my alarm went off and sighed. Being the new girl was going to be hard, being the new girl that didn't talk made me a freak on the first day. Oh well, I guess that's just how it works for me. I got up and went to my closet, taking out my one pair of jeans and a white thermal with my purple batman shirt.I had to ask Charlie to get me some thermals as I didn't have any. He asked me if he could take me shopping when I got settled and sadly I agreed. Forks is in Washington State, so it's cold and raining a lot he told me. I brushed my hair and put it in a bun. Why should I bother when as soon as they figure out I can't talk, the kids will leave me alone anyway. I grab my bookbag and walk down to see Charlie with some coffee and cereal. I smile and wave as I pull a bowl down for my own breakfast. We both eat in silence and then I follow him to the cruiser to get in. I know he knows that teens don't wanna be seen with their parents, let alone the Chief of police, but I was adamant about no car. I didn't feel safe by myself in a place I didn't know, no matter how small it was. Charlie pulls into one of the spaces and then we get out to head to the office. He stays close to me so that I know he's there and opens the door for me."Morning, Charlie."I look at the elderly woman and Charlie smiles. "Morning, Darlene. This is Bella."I waved and she smiled. "Hello dear, I'm Mrs. Cope. I have your schedule already here. Um, Mr. Thomas picked this up for you to use. The students aren't allowed to use their phones, but this is a personal computer like a phone, a PDA mostly."I smiled in thanks as she handed me the items.She looked at Charlie and then back to me. "Would you like someone to help you today till you get comfortable with how everything works?"My eyes get wide and I look at Charlie. I tried to tell him that it was fine, but a girl. I didn't want a boy."Mrs. Cope."We all turned to see a girl a little shorter than me with black spiky hair and yellow eyes."Yes, Miss Cullen?"She smiled and looked at us before the woman at the counter. "I can help her if you want."She smiled and winked at me and I smiled back."Bella, this is Alice. Would you like her to help you?"I thought on it and nodded, handing her my schedule. I waited while she looked it over. She looked up and smiled. "You and I have all the same classes, so that will be very easy. My brother is in our first class."My eyes got big and she smiled. "He's harmless, and won't talk much. He's very quiet. His twin...not so much."I smiled at her little joke and waved at Charlie.He smiled and let me know he'd be home at 5 and he programmed his number for me. I followed Alice and she explained her brother. His name was Jasper and they weren't really related. He and his sister, Rosalie, lost their parents three years ago and because she was dating Alice's brother, Carlisle and Esme let them move in. She also told me that her and her brother, Emmett, were Carlisle's niece and nephew as their mom died when she was two. Then there was Edward, who she said had asked her not to tell his story because it was his. They were also dating. We entered the class while I was taking this information and took out the PDA thing."How are your mom and dad ok with you all dating?"Alice looked at it and chuckled. "We are a very open family. Rose and Em were dating already anyway. One of the rules was that Uncle Carlisle, who's a doctor, monitored the activity with a lot of condoms and birth control. Eddie and I had the same talk when he finally asked me out."I nodded, "That makes sense. What about Jasper?"She sighed, "He doesn't date. He has before, just the girls here are too needy for him, I guess.""Is that so, Alice."We turned to see a man, no a god, walking to us. He had the same color eyes as Alice but his hair was curly and blonde. He looked like a Marlboro Cowboy. He even had the wranglers, button up flannel, and dirty boots. The only thing missing was a white hat, especially since I could hear a trace of a southern twang. When he noticed me, he stopped. He just looked at me and I couldn't tear my eyes away. Alice coughed and I blinked, knowing a blush finally hit me."Jasper, if a girl struck your fancy, she'd be with you. Besides, I wouldn't date the girls here either, too many STDs."I smiled and my shoulders shook at that one. He sat behind Alice and turned to me. "Jasper, as you know."I smiled and held up my device. "Bella."I saw the confused look in his eyes and quickly added. "My voice is messed up but I can hear just fine."He smiled and I felt my heart skip a beat. "A'right, lovely."I blushed and heard the teacher come in. Alice took my paper thing to him and explained my situation. He turned to me and let me know that the principal had let the faculty know and I nodded. The day went by fast with Alice. We had Rose in the next class and she was fun, she didn't let some girls pick on me either. I had also found out that Edward and Emmett are Seniors so we would only see them at lunch. I got worried at lunch about sitting with them. I mean they are nice to me, but nobody's that nice...at least not to me. As I go to move to a table by myself, I hear. "Where do you think you're going?"I turn to see Alice and Rose behind me. I shrug and point to a table after balancing the tray."Silly, you are sitting with us." Alice told me.I arched an eyebrow and Rose nodded in agreement with Alice. I sighed and nodded, letting them know that was ok. I let them lead me to a table and I notice that all eyes are one us."Relax, the girls all wanna be in your seat."I look over to see a real big man and lean to Alice."Emmett, you're scaring her."That was Emmett. I turned to look at Alice, who was still looking at her brother."I'm sorry, I didn't mean to."I shrug and hope my fear isn't as noticeable.Jasper comes in with Edward and we all sit. I listen to them talk and Alice helps me out a bit with my device. The five of them were real nice and I was finally feeling just a tad normal. Just a tad mind you as normal as one can be in my situation anyway. After lunch, we had History with Jasper and Rose so that was interesting. Jasper argued with the teacher about certain events in the Civil War that the teacher got wrong. We know because Alice was looking it up and made it a point to let Mr. Barnes know that Jasper was in fact correct.I then learned that Jasper's hobby was the Civil War. I think it's cool. He and his sister have such old names and are from Galveston before moving to Seattle, so the Civil War was in their area 100+ years ago. Finally school's out and I text Charlie to let him know that Alice offered me a ride home. Rose comes with us and they hang out while I cook for Charlie. I wanted to make him something special so we got some fish for me to fry. They really helped me with some of it as I hadn't done fish before. HE didn't like fish so I never had to cook it. Charlie came home as the girls left and we sit down to eat.I waited and watched as he took a bit and moaned. "Bella, this is one heck of a fish. You did good, baby girl."I smiled and nodded, taking a bite myself. It was good. I was proud of myself. After dinner he shooed me out, telling me he cleans since I made. I smile and point upstairs. He nods and I go to do my routine. After my shower, I lay in bed and smile. I think I may have made some friends, which says a lot as I don't do that at all. The Cullens/Hales/Mason family were really nice and I really think moving here is going to help me. My only issue was Jasper. There was something about him. Just sitting close to him, I felt safe, which was weird. I just met these people, and I couldn't afford to back pedal now. I nodded and sighed, knowing I would have to be careful with that one, that's for sure. I smile as my eyes close and sleep finds me.And a new story that is finally working it's way through. I am still working on Love Takes All for all my SOA readers and plan to work on it this week to get it finished! I am now finished with school and finally got my degree! Please leave me a comment about his first chapter as I really wanna know what you think of this idea. :)B
