Disclaimer(Some sensitive subject matter, please take caution in reading!)PrologueRenee threw her head back, howling in agonizing pain. Charlie, her mate, was crouched behind her, supporting her sweaty head. Her large, protruding stomach clenched as she pushed down. Charlie nuzzled his nose against ear, making sofe mewling and whining noises.She made a loud shrieking noise as the top of a tiny head poked through her birth canal. Charlie leaned over and peaked down at the tiny head, he cooed. Renee dug her nails into the dirt, leaving claw marks into the earth.She pushed again and out popped a whole head and shoulders. Charlie reached his hands down and pulled the tiny body out of the thicket of pubic hair. A little girl cried weakly, shaking in the cold air.Renee let out a big sigh of relief, glad to be out of birting pains. Charlie helped her stand and squat. After a few more minutes of light pushing she delivered the afterbirth into the hole that Charlie had dug earlier. She stood fully erect and shook off the pain effects.Charlie handed her the small newborn, she sniffed and then nuzzled the baby's tiny nose. After a few moments of appreciation in their creation Renee put the baby in a sash that was wrapped around her midsection. She adjusted her breast putting the nipple against the child's lips, which it the baby immediately took too.Charlie lifted Renee onto his back and started running. He ran for about an hour before coming upon a shallow cave, the opening barely hidden in the darkness. He set Renee down and started sniffing around the cave, making sure there were no other males around the premises.He came back out and nodded at Renee. She walked in and sat in the farthest corner away from the chill. She stared down at her beautiful baby girl, stroking her cheek with her finger. The babe barely opened her lids, the eyeball was completely black, a newborn trait. Renee made sweet cooing noises at the baby, kissing her face and whatnot.She looked up as Charlie walked back into the cave. He sat down next to his mate and new baby putting his face into Renee's neck, greeting her. He peered down at the baby, stroking his finger against her forehead."What are you going to name her?" Renee whispered quietly."Isabella. It's a beautiful sweet name like her." He said moving his wrist to Renee's mouth. She bit into the semi healed teeth marks that were already there. She attached and started sucking.Charlie lifted her in his lap and adjusted her so his arm could rest around her shoulder. Her bottom sank into the hole provided by his crossed legs. He fixed his eyes on the openeing of the cave, just in case another male decided to come along and challenge him.Renee let go of his wrist, leaning back against his wide chest. She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep while Charlie stayed awake, watching for any dangers. He pulled his eyes away for a second to stare at his baby, who was calmly sleeping with her mother's nipple in her mouth.The wind whipped harder and the rain poured outside of their safety. Charlie wrapped his arms tighter around Renee. He'd catch an animal and skin it for her tomorrow, so they could have a warm blanket.*About 500 Miles Away*Three small children ran out of the deep cave, trailing after their tall blond father. The sun starting to set behind the trees. A woman with wavy caramel colored hair and deep curves slowly emerged from the cave, a smile upon her soft face. She plopped down on the flat rock and watched.The blond man fell into the grass as the children jumped on him. He threw the oldest child into the air and caught him with his outstretched hand. The other two children bit at his arms and legs, leaving tiny teeth holes into his skin.A playful roar had the little girl squealing and running back to her mother, the two boys roared as loud as they could back. The little girl pressed her face into her mother's thick side. The mother shushed her and rubbed her naked back.She looked up to watch her mate and sons play fight. When the youngest boy took a chunk out of her mates arm she called out."Edward, Emmett easy with your father." The briefly stopped to nod at her then continued their playing. The little girl crawled into her mother's lap and pulled at her barely concealed breasts. She made purring noises to her daughter, silencing her soft cries as she drank.After a while the father stood up and shook himself off. He pushed the boys back towards their mother. Once they were standing by their mother's side, he ran off into the thick woods to hunt. The two boys fell to the ground and started wrestling. The little girl still attached to her mother's teat and sucking away.About an hour later the father came back, dragging a large buck with him. The boys squealed in delight and ran to him. He swatted them away when they tried to take bites out of the deer's body.He came over to his mate and nuzzled her nose, "That didn't take youvery long Carlisle." She said standing, holding her daughter close."No, it was running fairly close to our property. The deer are migrating south. I need to start storing." He laid the deer down by her feet.He crouched down next to it and bit into it's thick neck. After he had his fill of blood and shoved it with his foot to the boys, who were bouncing around in anticipation.Carlisle stroked his daughters black hair, she shoved her face harder into her mother's breast. He growled playfully and pulled her away from her mother's arms. She whined and cried, her little arms reaching back."Oh no no no Alice, come see daddy." He pulled her face into his neck and patted her back. She kicked out, desperate to get to her mommy."She doesn't even like me Esme." He chuckled, trying to calm her down and snuggle her."She does, she's just hungry." He handed Alice back to her mother. She glared at him for a second then went back to the milk.He sighed, "Oh my Alice." He said, turning his head back towards the woods."I should start storing." He said, the muscles in his legs twitching to hunt and provide."If you need to do that then go catch a few. We'll stay in the cave." At that they boys moaned, annoyed to have to stay inside.Carlisle cut them a look which silenced their groaning. they stalked off, mumbling under their breaths."I'll wait until the sun first comes up. You'll be sleeping and so will the children. No one will bother you.""How many are you going to get? How many will you need?" She asked."I'll store about fifteen. The cold months will be here in a few weeks. We'll have some to spare, but with the boys and I it will be safer to have to extras. Have you already made the sacks for the blood?""Yes, I'll start a fire when you drain them, and we can hang them by the fire." Alice had nodded off going to sleep for the night, snuggling against her mother. The boys were off in the tall grass, stalking and jumping at each other."Yes, it's getting dark, let's take the children inside and wind down for sleep." Carlisle cupped his hands around his mouth, "Boys, it's time to come inside!"The boys groaned and dragged their feet as they came back. Esme hurried them into the cave as the sun went down.Carlisle stayed behind, slowly scanning the area for any unseen threats. After he deemed it safe and pulled the cover back over the mouth of the cave. Somewhat hiding it from stray males.Esme had put Alice in a piles of leaves with her small animal skinned blanket wrapped around her. The boys sat by the fire playing with rocks, small twigs, and small flaps of unused animal skin.The deer Carlisle and the boys had drained was laying in in a hole beside a flat rock. Esme was laying out sharp rocks, preparing to skin the deer and make a something out of it's hide.Carlisle paced back and forth eager to go back out and provide for his family for the winter. He looked back at his family,Esme had successfully skinned the deer, making another blanket for the impending winter. The boys were mock wrestling with each other, working on their fighting skills. Alice was still sound asleep in her nest, her tiny body more spread out in her blankets.Looking back out he could tell it was almost time to start hunting again. He walked to the boys and pulled them apart, then, one in each arm, he laid them down in their nest. Stroking their hair back from their eyes and tucking them in. They snuggled up to each other and closed their eyes.Esme wrapped her arms around his waist. He lifted her chin and rubbed his nose back and forth against hers. She sighed and tucked her head under his chin."Be careful, come back to me." She whispered, he stroked her hair and turned, giving her hand a last squeeze before letting go. She watched as he ran out of the cave and disappeared into the dark.So what do you think? Good? Should I continue? Stop? Any thoughts or opinions? If I've spelled something wrong or made a mistake I'm sorry! Just review let me know what you think!
