Parapsychology 101Summary: Edward Cullen is a published author and recognized as an up and coming armature in the field of Parapsychology, but he's going to college just so he can be enrolled in class being taught by Dr. Bella Swan who has become one of the most famous writer of books on the same subject, and Edward's hero. Who will teach who?Warning: Bella Swan is not a very nice person in this first story. She, however, has her reasons for being like she is which will be discovered in the sequels.Authors Note: Parapsychology 101 is a re-work of a previously posted story by the same name. It became the first in a trilogy I call Dark vs Light. The second story is called Keeper of the Flame and the third is named Carrying the Torch. I don't have a schedule yet for posting of the re-worked chapters, but as soon as my beta and I figure it out, it'll be posted. If I ever publish an e-book, this series will probably be the one that it happens to.~o0o~Day 1Chapter 1The first day of the semester was exciting and Edward couldn't wait to get to his first class; Parapsychology 101 with Dr. Isabella Swan. She was one of the most published experts in the field of parapsychology today. He had read all of her books and he couldn't wait to meet her face to face. She was his hero and had been ever since he'd read that first book on the subject. The whole book was devoted to Dr. Swan's work with the paranormal. She was the reason Edward was here.From what he'd read about her, they were close in age. He was maybe a year or two older. He wasn't sure why that fact was important to him, but it was.There was the click of an opening a door to the right of the lecture platform, and a tiny young woman with long chestnut hair pulled into a messy bun and huge, chocolate brown eyes entered. She had impossibly long thick lashes, that Edward felt sure must be fake. He knew about false eyelashes from Esme. It was Dr. Swan. She was wearing what looked like a Chanel business suit. He only recognized it's style because Esme used to make such a big deal about the ones she owned. Everything about Dr. Swan screamed class.Edward could smell her perfume from where he was sitting right smack in the center of the second row. He didn't know what it was called, but it sure did smell good. He knew it wouldn't be a cheap brand.As Dr. Swan removed her suit jacket it became apparent the blouse beneath was made of a very soft feminine fabric and it clung to her body without being suggestive. She hung the jacket on the back of the chair behind the lecture table, tucked in the tail of the silk blouse she was wearing with the suit's pencil skirt, and turned to the assembled students.Stunning. That was the only description of Dr. Swan that Edward could surmise; absolutely stunning. The photographs Edward had seen of Dr. Swan didn't do her justice. Edward was feeling even more attracted to her in person. He really hoped he could get to know her better."Good morning class." Professor Swan had a rich melodic voice that without raising carried very well through the lecture hall. "This is Parapsychology 101 and I am Professor Swan." she paused to see if there were any 'oh shit, I'm in the wrong lecture hall' remarks.There were none. "Well, that's a first," she muttered as she pushed away from the lecture table. Her hands were now on her hips as she paced up and down the raised platform. "If any of you, as of yet, have not acquired a copy of the class syllabus, there are some here on the edge of the lecture table. Please take one and be sure to have the textbooks required by the next lecture period, as there will be a discussion on the material in the first chapter." Her eyes scanned and assessed the class as she spoke."For today we will devote our time to exploring what you hope the lecture topics will be. This will be just about your only chance to indulge yourselves in class." She leaned back against the table again and crossed not only her ankles but also her arms just below her breasts. "So please raise your hands for recognition. There will be no calling out of subjects. That will meet with dismissal from this class at once." That silenced the muttering beginning with in the lecture hall."Yes, you, the blond girl in second row, to my right, second seat from the isle." The little blond that Professor Swan was recognizing looked flustered."Uhh, Professor Swan, will we be discussing past-life regression?"Professor Swan, smiled and looked down as if she were trying to not laugh out loud. "Is that a subject near and dear to you?"."Well yes ma'am. You seem to have written the book on how to do that. I just wanted to know how hard it was to learn to do," answered the blond warming to the subject."I think what is so difficult to accomplish, as I wrote in that chapter, is gaining the complete trust of the subject and remaining in control of the emotional environment of the session." She answered pointedly. "Next is determining, to your satisfaction, the honesty of the subject. You must be comfortable with the reasons the subject wishes to be regressed."Blondie continued, "Surely everyone would want to know about a past life time...?"Professor Swan's voice was very serious, "It's been my personal experience that 7 out of 10 regressed are out to give themselves license to have a sexual affair with an individual they aren't married to, while married to someone else.""Why would they need to be regressed for that?" The blond asked. There was a smattering of laughter in the lecture hall that was quickly silenced by a look from Dr. Swan.She's no nonsense. I like that. Edward thought.Professor Swan replied, "To ease guilt." Then breathlessly as if mimicking someone, "But we were married/lovers/priest/priestess in a prior life so it's OK to have sex in this lifetime even if we're married to other people." A look of disgust passed over her face, but quickly faded."Next question, please,""Have you ever been regressed?""Yes. Next question please."Dr. Swan leveled her eyes with the lecture hall, "The next person to speak out of turn or without my personal permission, will be expelled from this lecture series and not readmitted until next term. Do I make myself clear?"She looked around the large lecture hall, "Now, to continue. Next question."Half of the classes' hands shot up. Edward's went up slower and wasn't raised as high as the others."You, with the messy hair." she was pointing directly at Edward.He pointed to himself and mouthed, me?"Yes, you. What's your question?""Not so much a question as a personal observation followed by a question." Edward managed to get out.Dr. Swan, arched her eyebrows saying without speaking, "Well?"Edward rose and soldiered on, "I've done a bit of 'ghost busting' and I've had totally different experiences with poltergeists than what you have described in your books. I was wondering why that is, that's all." He sat back down intimidated by Dr. Swan's stare."What's your name?" She asked Edward. He told her and she jotted it down on a pad that was next to her briefcase on the lecture table. "Come to my office after the lecture and see my secretary" was all she said to him."Next question?"And so it went until the period ended. Edward wondered what he'd done wrong, but dutifully went to Dr. Swan's office and told her secretary his name. She told him to have a seat. Not five minutes later, Dr. Swan came breezing into her office."Oh good, Cullen, I'm glad you decided to see what you did wrong." She had a brilliant smile on her lips and in her eyes. "Please, won't you come into my parlor." She unlocked her office door, and opened it. "Take a seat and I'll be there in a minute."She turned to her secretary seeming to have already forgotten about Edward, but he rose from his seat and walked into her office. What met his eyes astonished him. Three of the four walls were ceiling to floor bookcases that were jam packed with books and manuscripts. He wanted to run his hands over all the books, to see what hidden treasures were stored there, but since he felt he was in enough trouble  for reasons unknown  he'd have a seat as he'd been instructed."I'm sorry to have kept you waiting, Mr. Cullen. I would like to thank you for wanting to be in my lecture series, but what I don't understand is why. You are a recognized amateur with standing in the parapsychology world. You have more actual field time than even I do. There's not much you'll learn in this lecture. Wouldn't you rather wait until next semester and take the next series? I'll allow it and I'll give you full credit for this semester."Edward started to speak, but she quickly held up one well manicured finger, indicating she wasn't finished, "This semester, you can be my lab assistant." She finished her sentence with a large smile and raised eyebrows.Edward couldn't quite believe what he just heard, "Be your lab assistant this semester and receive credit?"Dr. Swan nodded and spoke, "Yes, that's correct.""I thought I was in trouble and you were going to kick me out of the class. Wow. You really know how to surprise a guy." Edward sat back in his chair and ran his hands through his hair thinking."I'd be the complete idiot my father thinks I am, Dr. Swan if I didn't take you up on it! Edward stood and extended his hand across her desk. She took it, but didn't turn it loose."I'm not really doing you any favors here, Edward. May I call you Edward?" she asked as an after thought, and after he nodded his consent she continued, "You may call me Bella or Isabella in private, but in front anyone else, and I mean anyone, it will be Dr. Swan, understood?" Again she waited for his acknowledgment before continuing, "You're going to catch a lot of flack not only from the students, but also from the staff in this department. And probably the rest of the school as well." Once again she paused to make sure he understood what she was saying. "You'll do all my leg work for me, as well as grade the 101 test papers and essays. Sorry. I know it's an awful job and one I'm so ready to hand off to someone else. It's been too long since I've had an assistant."She finally released his hand and motioned for him to sit. "Now, what I want you to do is write down for me everything you can remember about your own personal experiences with poltergeists and hauntings. Please include any other psychic experiences you may have had over the years as well. Be sure to keep them separate. I want you to put them all into a 3 ring binder clearly labeled. Make sure you keep copies for yourself in a safe place as an insurance policy in case I decide to claim them as my own experiences." That comment last drew a tight smile that didn't quite make it to her eyes.She must have been accused of that before, thought Edward."You do know, don't you Dr. Swan, that I have a series of papers already written about everything you've just mentioned...?""Ah, yes. I'd forgotten Edward. Could you get me a set of those too please? Be sure to record it somewhere officially that you've given me a set."So, ending the interview, Isabella... Bella... uh... Dr. Swan stood and walked around her desk until she was right next to Edward. She laid a hand on his shoulder. "I'd also like to ask you, if you would have dinner with me tonight..."Edward's mouth dropped open and refused to close of it's own accord and he had to force it to do so.Isabella laughed a tinkling laugh. "Well, would you like to? Have dinner with me, tonight? It's rude to make a lady ask twice Edward.""Yeah, sure. When? Where?" Edward managed to get out."My house about 7:00. Do you know where I live?" Edward shook his head no. "Here, let me give you the address and simple directions."Five minutes later, Edward left Dr. Isabella Swan's office for his apartment with detailed instructions on how to get to Dr., er Bella's house.Edward was very fortunate that he didn't have to work while going to school full time. His grandfather had left him three quarters of his very large estate as he was his only grandchild. This was a something that had really hacked off his father, who felt he should have gotten everything. When the lawyers told Carlisle that he couldn't touch a penny of Edward's trust fund unless Edward gave both verbal and written permission for the withdrawal of funds as well as having it countersigned by the trustee, Carlisle had almost gone ballistic. Edward's grandfather knew his son all too well.So when Edward decided to go to school and get some kind of an education, the trustee for his trust fund was tickled to grant him a rather large amount of money for each semester to cover housing, food, clothing, transportation, whatever he needed. It did not, however, cover tuition, as that was paid directly by the trust itself. All the school had to do was submit the necessary forms and like magic it was all taken care of. When Edward had his fortieth birthday, everything in the trust fund would go directly to him to do with as he saw fit.Needless to say, Edward being an unmarried adult going to college, had gotten himself a very nice condo complete with a housekeeper/cook. She came in 4 times a week, cleaned and cooked up a bunch of food that she put into the freezer with instructions on how to heat it up. She'd leave a menu attached to the side of the fridge so he'd know what there was to eat.He didn't have any other classes today, so all he had to do was go to the library and look some things up, take notes and come home. He had all his errands done by four. After he got back to the complex where his condo was located, he went for 100 laps in the indoor pool, then a slow jog around the indoor track in the gym. By the time he'd finished his exercise routine, it's was time to shower, shave and change with just enough time left over to stop and grab a couple of bottles of wine. He decided on getting one red, one white and a zinfandel.At seven on the dot, he was ringing Dr. Swan's door bell.~o0o~. ?sid=10066&chapter;=1/author/DiniaSteel/stories/14982/Parapsychology-101/story/works/1608206
