Chapter 1Disclaimer: all recognisable characters belong to Stephanie Meyer.Author's note: hey guys hope you enjoy reading yet another one of my stories, hopefully... ;)The group of tourists were lead through an archway. The floor was made of rough pebbled stones and it was cold to the touch. The corridor almost echoed our footsteps and the tour guide's beautiful voice seemed to float and reverberate around us as she pointed out certain historic artefacts and architecture."Alicia? Look at that." Elspeth giggled pointing at an ugly gargoyle that sat on a stone beam near the ceiling. I rolled my eyes at her antics. A smile crept on my face at the memory as she almost begged me to go with her go on this tour. I didn't really want to but it made her happy. She continued to point out the strangest details.After a while we passed another woman who looked to be a secretary. She was visibly different to the guide woman. Though she was still very beautiful. I politely waved at the secretary as she greeted us in another language and continued on with the tour. At the end of the corridor was a pair of thick set of wooden doors, as the group of people approached. The doors opened almost silently except for the soft swish of wind. I noticed that the talking of others had ceased. They all looked nervous for some odd reason as we stood in what looked like an old but beautifully furnished throne room."What's wrong?" I asked Elspeth as quietly as I could. But her attention seemed to be glued on a man who had stood from one of the thrones. There were three but I didn't really look at them except the one who had stood. He had raven-black hair and red eyes I realised in horror."Welcome guests! Welcome to Volterra!" his voice was very soft that I almost couldn't catch what he was saying. As if it were some sort of signal all the beautiful people leapt on the nearest tourist. It all became a chaos of screams. I backed away with Elspeth towards the door until a young looking boy sprang on Elspeth, who gave a blood curdling screamed, she started to gurgle."EL!? ELSPETH?!" I screamed. My best friend was dead. I looked up from her pale and lifeless body. To a figure that was quickly approaching me. I recognised him he was sitting on the right of the raven-haired man, but this man-thing had dark brown hair and red eyes. I could see my frightened emerald green eyes reflected in my would be killer's eyes. Before I could comprehend he had picked me up and we were no longer in the same room. That much I could tell as all my surroundings were just one big blur. Moments later the blurriness stopped. I looked around to find myself in what looked like a huge bed-room suite. I looked up at the person, I wasn't sure if I could call them that but anyhow. He looked sad. As if he had lost something or someone dear to him. I backed away from him but with every step I took he seemed to get closer. I couldn't even see him move. I felt my back touch the opposite wall. I closed my eyes and cringed. My palms flat against the wall, with my head bowed."Please, do not be frightened. What is your name?" He said his voice quiet but hoarse. He touched me on the shoulder gently. I opened my eyes and observed him. He was so pale and his skin looked papery, transparent almost."A-Alicia. W- We're did you take me?" I hated that my voice broke. I looked past his head so I didn't have to look into his eyes."My chambers, but you must stay here until I return. I should not be too long." He said and disappeared. I heard the door close and the click of the lock on the door. I slid down the wall for support. I tried not to cry but couldn't help it. Elspeth, she was dead. I'm officially, completely and utterly alone in the world. I let a sob that longed to be free break through my lips.Third person's viewThe Volturi leaders and the rest of the Volturi waited for Heidi, the fisherman to return with a batch of human tourists. All of them unaware of the events that will eventually unfold.Some of the guards with less control of their thirst became impatient at how slow the humans walked, as they could hear their heartbeat pumping the blood through their delicate bodies. Through all the excitement of watching the humans enter the room; nobody noticed Marcus' head snap up in anticipation but not from the thought of feeding. He felt a new bond form, but what made him feel such life was that it was between Caius and one of the humans that had walked through the doors. He looked at Caius. Who seemed to be looking straight at a human girl, who couldn't have been older than 16. She had fair hair a whitish gold colour, emerald green eyes; she had a fairly pale complexion and was quite slim for her age. It wasn't hard to discern which human it was as she was very beautiful and Caius was looking straight at her. Obviously not realising that this was her mate. He heard Aro give his usual speech. The guards went and selected their victim. But Marcus couldn't afford to get distracted. She began to start screaming someone's name. But he didn't wait for an explanation; he picked Caius's future mate up and took her to the safety of his chambers. He knew very well Caius would object only if it were that she was a human and nothing else. He gently placed the girl down so she could stand, she had started stepping backwards. It had been so long since he had actually interacted with anybody, that all he could do was take a step forward as she took a step backwards. Her back eventually hit the wall behind her. She bowed her head and closed her eyes. He could see that she was scared so he touched her on the shoulder in the hopes of comforting her."Please, do not be frightened. What is your name?" he asked, as it was confidential information to know her name."A-Alicia W- We're did you take me?" her voice broke as she answered him. Alicia was a lovely name he thought to himself."Well, I am Marcus and you are in my chambers, but you must stay here until I return. I should not be too long." He said waiting long enough for any objections but he received none. So he left the room and locked the door behind him. He had to tell Aro and Caius of these recent developments.Review! Review! I'd love to know what you think
