Author's Note: Welcome to the sequel of One and Only! I can't wait to share this amazing story with you guys, big things are going to happen. Also I would like to thank those of you who submitted OC ideas, they were really good and I've contacted a few of you about using them. So I'm going to have new characters coming your way guys. As for a writing schedule, I'll try to do better on updating than I did on my last story. I make no promises though, hopefully I can update like once a week. Also please review and let me know what you guys think. Until then,Stay beautifulSummary:Ever since Seth died things have been different for Mia. She's now faster and stronger than she ever imagined, but can she control it? Or will it control her? With the pack out for blood and an old enemy still out to get here, will Mia learn to control the hunger? And what happens when the thing that haunts her most keeps making appearances in her dreams? Will the hunger be the one thing that brings everything crashing down around her? Or will it be her redemption? And maybejust maybeshe's not as alone as she thought she was.Chapter One:I wake up covered in sweat and throw the covers off my now sticky body. I take a deep breath to steady my breathing and close my eyes. Flashes of my nightmare rise to the surface of my mind and I roll my shoulders to shake it off. My bedroom door opens and in walks one of my favorite people, or should I say vampire, in the world. Emmett Cullenhe's like the brother I never had and secretly never really wanted."You ready to go?" he asks.I glance over at the clock on my nightstand and watch as the big, red five flashes angrily at me."It's 5 A.M , I don't do anything before noon" I say.He chuckles and shakes his head, mumbling under his breath as he comes closer."You look like crap Wolfe" he says."Gee thanks, that's what every girl wants to be told by a guy who looks like he just stepped out of a Calvin Klein catalog" I say."I can't help it if I'm beautiful" he says."You only look beautiful because you don't sleep, I'm sure you would have a killer case of bed head or something if you did" I say."Nope, I would still look like this and you would still look like that" he says pointing at me."You are quickly wearing out your welcome by insulting me Emmett. I suggest telling me why you barged into my room" I say."One, I didn't barge and two, we are going grizzly hunting today, my little bundle of joy" he says.I groan and flop back down onto my pillow."It's too early to hunt an irritable bear" I say."That's what makes it fun, Wolfe" he says."Our definitions of fun are clearly different, now leave so I can go back to sleep" I say."You're going to miss out on all the fun" he says mockingly."I don't care" I mock back."Come on Mia, where's your sense of adventure?" he asks."My sense of adventure went and hid under a rock at the word grizzly" I say."It's not that bad" he says."Says the guy who can easily take down a flipping 2 ton elephant if he wanted with one tackle. I, on the other hand, am small girl who could barely lift her own weight in chin-ups" I say."Key word being could" Emmett says."My answer is still no, go ask Edward" I say."Edward doesn't scream like a girl when the bear comes out of the cave" he says."So that's what this is about, you just want to see if I'll scream again" I say."Nowell yes, it was funny" he says.I shake my head and sigh, "one grizzly and that's it" I say."Yes! Let's go hunt us some angry bear" Emmett says walking out of my room.I laugh and quickly change clothes, following him out the door and into the sunlight.All I remember is screaming and blood, lots of blood. Then pain, like my whole body was on fire."Hello?" I call out."Is anyone here?" I call.There was no answer; I was alone, completely and utterly alone. With only one single thought finding its way through the fogMia.
