So this is a flashfic I wrote last night when I should have been working on my actual work. At the moment it's a stand-alone flashfic, but I enjoyed writing it so it might end up being a weird mini-series or something written when I have time.Anyway, I hope you all like it. Also, as many of you probably know, I don't own Twilight.ExperienceIt's not romantic.She's not in love.But then, neither is he and that suits her.A small part of her always wished that her first time would be with that special someone  the elusive one. A bigger part of her hoped it would be with someone who actually liked her. She was always going to be disappointed in herself.After a while being a virgin didn't feel like something precious or special. Oh, she never felt pressured by anyone to give it up, but the longer she waited, the more it bothered her. Her relationship with Edward had never been the most passionate, but towards the end, the lack of interest he had in her sexually had made her feel woefully inadequate. She knew she wasn't the prettiest girl  she didn't have the biggest boobs or the longest legs  but she would've hoped that her boyfriend could at least display some attraction towards her.By last month she had had enough. By that point she just wanted to experience what it was like  to get it over and done with  so that she could have at least one normal teenage moment.One instance where she threw caution to the wind and acted like the irresponsible, free eighteen-year-old she was.She couldn't help but be somewhat careful though in her choice of deflowerer.She could have asked Jake, but she didn't want to lead him on, especially given that she had only recently convinced him that her love for him was strictly platonic.She needed someone who wouldn't be offended that all she wanted was a one night stand.Paul was perfect for the job.He was experienced, he had a reputation as a womanizer, and he barely tolerated her so he certainly wouldn't expect anything that she wasn't able to give. To her surprise, when she asked him, after much stammering and spluttering, he said yes.He also said it would be a new experience for him to fuck a leech-lover, but she ignored that part.So here she was, naked in his bed, her legs wide open and him between them.It had been uncomfortable at first. Not just him working his way gradually inside her  although she hadn't really thought much about his size before she had come up with her brilliant plan  but just getting to the point where she was relaxed enough to take her clothes off. They had both agreed on no kissing. They weren't intimate enough for that.So now he pounds into her, his mouth latched around her nipple, his fingers darting down to circle the sensitive bundle of nerves at her apex.She gasps, her back arching  pushing closer to him and trying to get away all at once. A swirling sensation in the pit of her stomach coils tighter and tighter and she digs her nails into his shoulders, drawing blood as the building pressure inside suddenly snaps. Warmth floods through her body and she cries out as her orgasm rushes through her, rendering her temporarily senseless. Through the haze that has overtaken her mind, she feels him jerk and find his own release.She lies there for a moment, enjoying the lingering feelings that are rushing up and down her body, her curled toes still pressed tightly against his calves.He relaxes fully for a brief minute, the steady weight of his body pressing down on top of her, before he sighs. Pushing himself back onto his hands, he slides carefully out of her and then disappears into the bathroom to get rid of the condom.She lies where she is while he's gone, coming down from her high and stretching her now-cramped legs out.Well, she guesses she knows what sex is like now, and it's better than she imagined. She has to clap her hand over her mouth to keep from giggling in euphoria.When he comes back from the bathroom, he immediately pulls on a pair of shorts and she takes that as her cue to get dressed and get out of here.She's got what she came for. He's done what he said.Something makes her pause by the front door before she leaves though. He's watching her go with barely an expression her face.She bites her lip, before coming to a decision."Thanks Paul. For everything."A hint of a smirk curls the corner of his mouth and he nods at her. "See you around, Swan."Her own smile lingers long after she finally gets home.
