If you have asked me three months ago if I would like to go live in Forks, I would have laughed at your face and would have said, "Not bloody likely" or "No chance in hell."But you know what; I surprised myself to actually asking my Mom could I go there to live for my high school junior and senior year. It wasn't a stretch to say that Mom thought I have lost my mind. It took me two weeks to finally convince her that I was serious about the move.She knew that I loved Phoenix. I loved the sun. So she had very hard time digesting my wish. When her relentlessly trying to change my mind didn't work, she agreed reluctantly. Well, I am a pretty stubborn person. When I make up my mind about something there is no going back for me. I got that from my Dad.Now you would be wondering why I would move to a place I so clearly despise? Well, Renee, my mother married her boyfriend, Phil Dwyer three months ago. He is a nice guy although younger than mom. But he makes her happy so I am okay with it. They truly love each other. He takes care of my scatter-brained and erratic mother fairly. So that makes me feel relieved and assures me that she would be fine when I am gone.Phil plays baseball, strictly minor league. Due to his profession he has to move a lot. He can't take Renee with him and leave me behind or leave Renee behind with me. They have tried that already. And I have seen my Mom miss Phil terribly making me feel guilty. She tried to hide it from me but I knew better. So, you can say that I am sucker for guilt. That's why I exiled myself to Forks so that they can be together without to have to worry about me. It also gave me opportunity to spend some time with my Dad and reconnect.Oops! I am such an idiot. I didn't even introduce myself before launching into my sob story. Well, better late than sorry. Let's start again.Hi! I am Bella Swan. My full name is Isabella Marie Swan. But I like to be called Bella. I am sixteen years old. I was born in Forks, Washington on September 13 at Forks Memorial Hospital. My Dad Charlie Swan lives there. He is the chief of police.My father isn't the reason for my absolute dislike of Forks. It's the fact that I hate the cold and the wet. And Forks is known for its cold weather where it rains almost constantly. The sun rarely ever makes it appearance. So you get the picture.Well back to the point. So after convincing Mom I made the call to Dad informing him about my plans and asking him if it isn't a bother to him. Of course it isn't. He got to have her only daughter live with him permanently at least for the next two school years not just for the holidays. He is ecstatic. Well as ecstatic as he can be. Since he isn't the one to show much emotion. But I can tell that he is genuinely pleased. He was surprised too like Mom when I mentioned to move to Forks. My distaste for Forks hasn't been a big guarded secret. I ended our conversation with a promise to call back as soon as my tickets are confirmed to give him the flight details.So now here I am standing waiting for my luggage. When I see my bags I collect them and start looking for my Dad. I find him after a few minutes of searching and call him to garner his attention. He immediately notices me and strides over to me and gives me a one armed hug."It's good to see you, Bells. How are you? You haven't changed much." He says smiling."I am fine, Dad. What about you?" I say and stumble a little and he steadies me by catching me with my elbow. "Thanks"He carries my bags to his cruiser and puts them in the trunk. After we are strapped in, we make some small talk. He then mentions Billy and I ask him how he is doing."He is fine. Jacob takes care of him. Good boy that one. His daughters all about left him stranded after his accident." He says shaking his head in disgust.Billy Black is Charlie's best friend from childhood. They have grown together. He lives in La Push, the Indian reservation along the beach. He and his wife, Sarah was in an accident a few years ago. His wife didn't make it and he lost the use of his legs. He has two daughters Rachel and Rebecca and a son Jacob. I used to play with them when we were kids. Rachel and Rebecca are three years older to me and Jacob two years. After the accident both of his daughters left the reservation to go to college and never returned. Not even for the holidays. Only keeping contact by making calls every now and then.I lost contact with them when I decided that I have had enough of Forks and asked Charlie to come visit me during the holidays rather than me him. That was four years ago."So Jake still here?""Yeah. He can't leave his father hanging, Now can he?""No of course not. But isn't he going to go to college or something?""Well you have to ask him that yourself." After a brief pause he asks "So what do you think of buying a car for yourself? You would need one for school. You have your license right?""Yeah, I have thought about buying one. In fact, I have some cash saved for this purpose only."And now Dad is looking uncomfortable. I can tell as he keeps shifting in his driving seat and the way he keeps side eying me. Finally when I couldn't take it anymore I ask. "What?""Well Bells you see Billy has this truck lying around. And you know he couldn't drive it anymore due to his legs and all. So I kinda bought it off him for youas a welcome present." When I don't say anything he continues "It's in great shape really. Jake himself worked on it and made sure that it is running. I know its old and all but I just wanted you to like it here.""It's alright Dad. Take it easy. And thanks by the way. I am sure I will like it." I laugh a little when he takes in a much needed breath. I took pity on him for being embarrassed. I know how I would have felt if I have been in his place which is quite often. What can I say? Like father like daughter.When we reach the house there is a red beast of a truck parked in the driveway. It was one of the solid iron affairs that never get damaged. I loved it already and told my dad as such."Thanks again Dad. It's awesome." I hopped up and pecked him on his cheek embarrassing him again."Alright, let's get you settled. Come on." He then took out my bags from the trunk and unlocked the door. I helped him carry them inside and into my room which was upstairs on the first floor. We put the bags beside my bed. I thanked him."Are you hungry? We can order some pizza, if you like.""No that's okay. I am not hungry. Just tired. You go ahead and eat. I am fine.""Okay. Let me know if you need something."He then left me to unpack my things. When I finished unpacking, I picked up my toiletries and went to the bathroom to clean myself up after the day of travel. After washing up, I called good night to Dad before going to my room and sinking into my bed for much appreciated sleep.But the gloomy weather and the constant noise of the rain hitting my bedroom window reminded me that I really was going to stay here. I am already missing Phoenix, the sun and the heat but most importantly my Mom. She was my best friend since I didn't have many friends growing up. I shared everything with her and now I am here all alone and missing her like crazy. Don't get me wrong. Dad is great. I love him a lot. But he isn't the one for talks. Things are going to be awkward for a while.And then there is the school. I am going to join mid school year. Dad has already got me enrolled for my junior year. Forks High School has a grand total of three hundred and fifty seven students. I was sure going to be school's new freak, the new meat. I was uncomfortable already for being a new kid. I hate being the center of attention. So, I was dreading to go there.After some time spending tossing and turning I finally fell into a restless slumber.
