A/N: Hello everyone! Yes, I am back! I needed a break from writing my original story, so I decided to write another fan fiction story. Some of you may remember the story I did where Bell and Jacob were married, and he passed away, after having a very rocky relationship. This story is only similar in that Jacob and Bella were married and he's gone...however, the marriage was not rocky and things were going great before he got sick.Hopefully, you enjoy this story like the other ones! Thanks to torisurfergirl for helping this story come together.Enjoy!Surprise"I can't believe you're moving." Edward Cullen leaned against my door frame. He had said that at least five times tonight while watching me pack.I sighed, because we'd had this fight already. Several times actually. I stopped packing and looked up at the man who reminded me of my husband so much it hurt. He was tall, had tussled copper colored hair and sharp, green eyes. He made it no secret that he wanted Elizabeth and me to stay with him, but I just couldn't. He knows that, but didn't want to face it."I can't, Edward. You know why I'm leaving." I put the box down and sat down on the bed.He closed my door  probably to make sure Elizabeth didn't hear us even though she had gone to bed hours ago  and walked over to sit down next to me. "I don't want you to leave. Having you and Liz here for the last few months has been great.""Oh, please. You don't miss the parties you used to throw? Beer bongs everywhere?" I smirked, trying to soften the moment.Edward was a confirmed bachelor, and had been for years. Jacob, my husband and Edward's best friend, had had a rare form of cancer that took him from me a year ago. When he died, Edward had asked ElizabethJacob and my nine-year-old daughter and I to move in with him. Between the hospital bills and the fact that Jacob wasn't working, our savings had been depleted. Edward owned a three bedroom house and lived in it all alone, so he said that it made sense. With his help I had been able to pay off all of the hospital bills.He had been wonderful to us for the last six months. He never allowed me to pay rent, or utilities. When I had hit the roof about not helping him pay the bills, he allowed me to be in charge of the food, which had made me feel better. I made sure that he ate three meals a day and had plenty of beer and snacks for the evening.While living with Edward really helped support us, we were floundering. Elizabeth and I had been coping as well as we could and saw a family therapist to help us with our grief. But we needed a change. We had moved to Dallas, Texas because Jacob had a fantastic job offer. I didn't know many people here, since I worked from home, and Dallas just felt like Jacob. Every grocery store we used to shop at, every restaurant we'd eaten at and every doctor and hospital we'd taken him toI could feel him everywhere and it was suffocating me.After talking to my best friend, Alice Whitlock, I realized how much I missed home: Napa Valley, California. All of my friends and family were there, and very little reminded me of Jacob. He and I had never lived there together, only visited. Alice had talked me into moving back home to start a new life.Jacob and I had met in college in Arizona. He was had been studying engineering and I was studying international business. Our career paths were totally different, as were our interests and political thoughts. But, there was something that had drawn me to him and him to me. We met our freshman year and were married by the time sophomore year had started. It was a whirlwind romance, definitely, but we were deliriously happy. Elizabeth had been a surprise, having her just before I graduated. In fact, Jacob's parents had flown out specifically to help with her so I could still walk at graduation. Elizabeth had been three-months-old.Jacob had graduated early from college. Always much smarter than me, he was able to do summer school and finish early. He had been tall, with dark hair, deep brown eyes and dark olive skin. Elizabeth got his coloring, but she looked more like me. Jacob used to say that he was blessed with two brunette beauties. It always made me blush, but Liz  which is what Jacob had called her  just ate up the affection.Jacob didn't look physically like Edward, but they had met when we moved to Dallas, and had been best of friends. They were thrust together on a major project at work, which meant that they had to spend a lot of time together. By the time the project was over, they were best friends. That was over four years ago, and Edward had been a constant fixture in my house since they then."Bella, don't do this. It's going to be hard on Liz to move away from her friends. You've been here for almost five years now. Please," he begs, reaching out to hold my hand. My heart began to beat faster."Edward, I-I just can't. I see him everywhereI have to get away from that so I can heal. Right now, the hole in my heart is too muchI can't handle it." What I hadn't said to him was that I couldn't be near him anymore, either. He reminded me of Jacob the most."Bella," he said, tilting my chin so I was looking into his eyes. "I don't want you to leave."My breath caught in my throat as I looked at him. I mean really looked at him. His green eyes stared right into my soul with a penetrating gaze. The familiar spark of humor that I was used to seeing in them was gone, replaced by something I didn't understand. He licked his lips and leaned down. The second his lips touched mine, my heart started racing and I began to panic.Quickly, I jumped up from the bed and turned away from him. "EdwardI can't." The pain from losing Jacob was too recenttoo soon. I would be lying if I said that I didn't find him attractive. Unfortunately, it was the wrong time to explore any feelings that I may have for him. I guess I had thought that he understood how I was feeling.I heard the squeak of the bed, and I knew he stood up. I still couldn't turn to face him, but his arms wound around me, his lips on my neck. "Bella, don't push me away. Wewe need to comfort each other. Be there for each otheremotionally and physically. I think we can help the pain be less by being together."I had never been impulsive. Jacob used to tease me that I had everything planned down to such fine detail, that I had already planned my funeral. But, feeling the comfort of arms around methe first time in almost a year since Jake had become sickwas overwhelming. Edward's breath on my neck sent shivers down my spine, and I slowly turned around to face him. My eyes met his and I was taken away for a moment. Taken to a place where I hadn't been in over a yearthe pure lust pouring through his eyes made my knees weak. This time, I reached for him.Our lips met in a frenzied kiss. We stumbled toward the bed, pulling clothes off of each other as we went. His tongue entered my mouth, and I moaned deepening the kiss. We collapsed on the bed, half clothed, still devouring each other.His hands made their way up my back, unclasping my bra. Once the offending piece of clothing was on the floor, his hands slowly slid up my stomach, gently cupping me. I inhaled sharply at the feel of his thumbs grazing my nipples.Pushing him slightly so he was laying on his back, I straddled him and sat upright. His eyes were on fire as they met mine. He sat up slightly and sucked a nipple into his mouth. My moaning caught me off guard, and guilt struck me down so quickly I could hardly breathe.I have no right to feel good right now. JacobPanic overtook me and I pushed away from him, laying down on the bed and turning on my side so I couldn't see his face. Tears began running down my cheeks, while Edward was silently watching."Bella," he whispered, sliding his arm around me, holding me close to him. His bare chest pushed up against my back, which did nothing to calm my panic attack. "Let me be with you. Jacob would understand. He would have wanted us both to be happy."His words broke me even more than his actions had, and I crumpled into a ball, tears coming in earnest now. But this time I allowed him to comfort me. I turned slowly and leaned into him. His eyes met mine, and he reached over and wiped a tear away."We can comfort each other. I can hold you up, just like you've held me up these past few months." He brought his lips down to mine, and the fire began to build again in my stomach.While the guilt and pain that were always a part of me were still there in the background, I allowed the pleasure to overtake me. As we kissed, his hands slid down my back and started to push my sweats down. Soon, I was completely naked and under his scrutiny.Jacob had been my first and only boyfriend. Being naked in front of another man felt strange and I was very shy all of a sudden. Edward smiled at me before kissing down my body. Before he reached my center, I pulled him back up to kiss my mouth.He pulled back a little, stood up and removed his pants and boxers. He grabbed a condom out of his pocket before returning to the bed. Slowly, he slid the condom in place and turned back to me.His weight on top of me made me feel giddy and excited. His eyes never left mine as he slid inside me, gauging if I was going to freak out again I assume. My eyes rolled back into my head at the feel of him inside me, and I groaned."Oh, baby, I love that sound," he whispered, bringing his mouth to mine.Our kisses were furiously fast and devouring. My hands roamed all over his back as he began moving inside me. Heat began searing through me as I could feel myself getting close, and I swear I felt him growing even more inside me."EdwardI'm" I whispered, unable to form a full sentence as the pleasure completely overtook me."Come, baby," he said, his mouth sliding over my cheek to nibble on my earlobe and moving down to my neck. He continued to slide in and out of me, but at a much faster pace.All too soon, my body exploded, and Edward captured my moans with his mouth. He continued to move inside me for a few moments before he stiffened, arching, almost staring at the ceiling as his body came unglued as well. When he was done, he laid back down on top of me, leaning his head on my shoulder.He was breathing hard when he leaned up and captured my mouth again. I forced the thoughts of grief and guilt out of my head and allowed him to kiss me again. Without warning, a tear escaped my eye. Edward leaned up and looked at me, silently wiping the tear away."Are you okay?" he asked, eyes full of concern.I laughed. Well, I tried toit sounded more like a snort. "I'm confused. How did that just happen?"He smiled down at me, kissed me quickly, and got up to dispose of the condom. "I thought we could help each other. Comfort each other.""But" What we had done had felt like a betrayal to Jacob. My head knew that he was gone and never coming back, but my heart still belonged to him. There was no denying that. He had been my first and only love over the years, and it was hard to think about living without him."Bella," he said, laying down next to me on my bed. "I miss him, too. Jacob was the brother I always wanted. Losing him killed meus. Maybe it's wrong, maybe it's crazy, but I want to be there for you and Liz. I want to help you both through this, and you can help me. We can find our way together.""Edward, it's not that simple. I understand what you are saying, and as great as that sounds, it's just not possible. You" He silenced me with a kiss, winding his arms around me.He kissed me up my neck until his mouth was close to my ear. "Can you feel that?"Without needing him to elaborate, I could. I could feel the pain and pressure that I'd felt since Jacob died, leaving just a little. The constant ache in my heart was better, well-balanced, and comforted by Edward. He was right, we could help each other."Let's go to sleep now. We can talk about it again tomorrow," he said, kissing me again.I turned on my side, away from him, and he slid in behind me holding me close. My feelings for Edward were confused at the moment. He felt good  great, actually. His touch was comforting to me in a way that I had never expected. Was this good enough to get me through the pain of losing Jacob?As I thought about Jake, pain seared through my chest, and my breath caught in my throat. Another tear escaped as I realized that I couldn't do it. I couldn't give him what he was askingno matter how tempting it was. My mind had been made up already. I was going home.So, what do you think? Is Bella making a mistake by moving home? Tell me what you think! New chapter in a week or so.
