I have revised this story and am re-uploading. I am sorry for having to delete and re-upload the story, but this website has been glitching and wouldn't let me put any new chapters. I have rewritten the first chapter as Bella was too bitchy (in both my eyes and many of yours) and that's not who I wanted her to be. Enjoy!BELLARule #32: If under suspicion by law enforcement, never call your actual parents.Officer Martin and I stood together outside of the Brawley Market Convenience Store, my cell phone pressed against his ear. The officer was raucously laughing, completely charmed by my "father" on the phone. It seemed that my older brother, Emmett, was successfully masquerading as my parent. This was our routine after all, one that we had perfected through experience.My tip? If caught breaking the law, never fight the officer on contacting your parents to back your story up. My parents were blissfully unaware that I regularly smoked cigarettes - a habit that I had picked up from summers with Mm, my French grandmother - or that I had acquired a fake ID in order to keep up my vice.Which brought us to Rule #31: Acquire a good fake ID.Mine was passable, but definitely questionable upon close inspection. I frequented this convenience store two miles from my home in New Canaan, Connecticut, from time to time, but this was the first instance in which an armed officer had been stationed outside its doors. One look at me, still in my bikini and coverup, requesting Marlboro Lights and it was done.Thankfully, I had been through this drill before so I already had my brother's number saved under "Dad", with my actual father's contact info under his real name, Charles. Emmett was no doubt spinning the same rehearsed web of lies that he always did when I was in the prospect of trouble: "Yes, he was my father" (lie), "out of town on business" (lie). "Yes, Officer, my daughter is 21" (lie, I was 17). A healthy dash of charm thrown in and Officer Martin was just another fly trapped in Emmett's web."Alright, Mr. Swan, you have a great night, too," Officer Martin chuckled and hung up the phone, handing it back to me easily. "I'm so sorry for the misunderstanding," he said sincerely, "this store has had problems with fake IDs in the past. You look so young, I'm sure you understand."I smiled sweetly and nodded. "Of course. We can't have underage children getting into these things so early on." I threw in a wink for good measure and left Officer Martin chuckling to himself outside the store.Once I was inside my car, I called my brother. "Hi, Dad," I said sarcastically when he answered.Emmett laughed loudly, no doubt inebriated. "How's New Canaan?" He asked of home. Unfortunately, this would be home not much longer."Boring without you. How's Spain?" Emmett was on summer break from college and had been in Barcelona with his friends for the past two weeks. He'd be leaving straight from Spain back to Oxford University to study his second year of Chemistry in just a week's time."Fucking crazy," he jeered as a blast of loud cheers rang out."Why can't you adopt me?" I whined. "I want to be in Spain.""Then I'd be your Brother-Dad and you'd really fit in at your new school."I scoffed. "It's Oak Ridge, North Carolina, not Cousin Fucker, West Virginia."Emmett laughed into the phone.Emmett, my mother, and I were all regarded as dual-citizens, in both French and American nationality. My mother had been born and raised in the south of France until she moved to Paris when she was 18. There, she met my father while he was studying abroad. They married quickly, had Emmett and I two years apart, then moved back to America. My father's law career brought him to Connecticut, away from his parents and hometown of Oak Ridge, North Carolina.Emmett and I usually spent summers in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, with Mm at her little villa along the French Riviera. However, those plans were put to a grinding halt this summer when my dad's mother suffered from a heart attack; she had been alone when it happened (my grandfather died years ago) and had only been found because her lone neighbor stopped by to return a baking pan.Gran was no longer suited to take care of herself, and my parents refused to put her up in a nursing home. So after a very lengthy discussion spanning the course of four weeks, it was decided that we would sell our house in Connecticut, and shift our lives to North Carolina."I wish you were moving with us," I said to Emmett after a moment of silence. Emmett lived in the UK throughout the school year, came home on breaks and holidays, and obviously spent the summers in France with me, my parents, and our grandmother."Hey now, I'm coming back on fall break," he said. "You'll have me for a full week and before you know it, it will be Thanksgiving and then winter break.""Yeah, yeah," I muttered.I got off the phone with Emmett after he promised to be good until fall break, and I drove the rest of the way home. Our house was a typical New England structure, Cape Cod in its architectural origins, two stories, in a strictly gated community, and set at the end of a long driveway. Emmett and I had lived in Connecticut since he was five and I was three years old; this was home to us. It always would be. But like my mother always said, embracing change is good for the soul.But North Carolina? I was thinking that was more along the lines of "Chicken Noodle Soup for the soul."The inside of our house was startling bare - a shock to me every time I walked the hallways or barged into the front door because of the sheer bareness of it. I was used to grand paintings on the walls, the vintage lamps that sat atop our tables, the small trinkets that signaled anyone had had a life here. Everything was packed up and the house had never looked bigger.My parents - Rene and Charlie - were in the kitchen, finishing their fourth dinner of takeout this week. The fridge was pitifully empty. Just like every room in this house."Hi, honey," Dad said around an eggroll.I did a wave and plucked a piece of chicken from his tray."How was the pool?" Mom asked.I shrugged. My friends in Connecticut were the kind you never formed deep, intimate relationships with. I had particular taste, and had never truly meshed on a genuine level with these people. Still, they threw me a going away party at the neighborhood clubhouse, a few tearing up as I gave them one last hug.Tomorrow was moving day. All day in a car with Mom, and Dad with his pressed shirts and Brooks Brothers ties, driving a large, rickety moving truck with the remainder of our things. Most of our belongings had already been shipped to Gran's house.Upstairs, I threw my bathing suit and coverup dress into a plastic bag, and showered off the chlorine. Freshly showered, I changed into leggings and a large Oxford shirt I'd stolen from Emmett that fell off my shoulders more than it stayed around my neck.I slept on my bare mattress that night, the only thing left in my childhood room. The next morning, still in my leggings and baggy shirt, I helped my parents shove the rest of our possessions in the back of the moving truck.And then I spent the next nine hours in my mother's Escalade, putting my past behind me and hurtling toward my future.Hope you guys like it so far! Updates every Saturday!
