A/N: Finally trying my hand at an all human story. Jasper and Pete are brothers. Bella is with Edward at first, but not for long. Let me warn you now, there will be angst in this story as well as many sweet moments and romantic moments. If this isn't your thing, then don't read this story. I do not own any of the recognizable characters, S. Meyer does. No copyright infringement intended. ~Spudz~o0o~Prologue:The courtroom was thick with tension for today was the expected culmination of a very controversial trial. One that told a tragic tale of endless bullying and the deadly outcome. A tragedy for all involved and one that would leave scars for lifetimes on both sides of the issue.All stood and the judge entered, a frown of concentration on his weary face.He was sick of this trial and sick of the circumstances that brought about this trial. He knew this kid's life would never be the same and it was through no fault of his own, really.He was the unfortunate victim in all senses of the word. First, of the mindless bullying he had endured for years and then from the so-called legal and justice system that was supposed to protect him but instead, had been used against him.The judge could honestly say this was the first time in his legal career that he had doubted the system and it's machinations.He was determined to help this kid as much as was legally possible, because he knew if he didn't no one else would and this kid's future would be bleak indeed.He didn't deserve it, and this judge was determined to make some kind of a difference, at least to this kid.He called for the accused to stand for the verdict, noting grimly the trembling form of the terrified teen as he slowly complied."Jasper Andrew Whitlock, you have been found guilty of Manslaughter. As I have no need to deliberate your sentence, I will convey it to you now. You are to perform 200 hours of community service to be chosen by you from a list provided to your counsel, and attend 20 hours of anger management and coping therapy. Upon completion of such, your juvenile record will be sealed and your privacy preserved for your future. Good luck to you son."Jasper turned to his brother Pete who was seated behind him and was grabbed into a crushing embrace as he cried tears of relief."It's okay now little brother. It's over and you're still with me. It's okay, it's all gonna be okay. You're gonna do what the judge assigned and then we're gonna get the hell outta this shit-hole state, ya hear baby brother? A new start, a fresh start, where none of this nightmare can reach us any more Jas I promise."Jasper nodded against his big brothers chest, his tears soaking the front as he cried out his sorrow and relief.It was all gonna be okay now.He still had Pete and together, they'd make it.A fresh start.He closed his eyes and pictured it. He sure liked the sound of that.
