A/N: Here's a little story that's been begging to be written, so that's what I did. With that said, it's loosely based on bits of me, my mother, and my daughter but also with my normal twists and turns you've come to love or hate... This story is also not going to be Beta'd. If there is something horrible grammar wise that needs fixing, let me know (nicely). As ever, thank you in advance for your thoughts and reviews.THE PAINTER"I do believe in an everyday sort of magic - the inexplicable connectedness we sometimes experience with places, people, works of art and the like; the eerie appropriateness of moments of synchronicity; the whispered voice, the hidden presence, when we think we're alone..." ~ Charles de Lint~O~Little dragon fly pins held back the long coffee colored hair draped over her bare shoulder as her arm lifted to touch a bit of paint onto her canvas.The room was painfully still and silent, just like she liked it.Some days, Bella would open a window or set the music on low but usually she preferred the silence.Renee stood at the door with a frown, looking at her daughter.She had another date tonight with one of the Arizona Diamondback baseball players, but she didn't really want to leave her daughter alone or in this current state.But she didn't want to break the date even more.He could be "the one."The one who set her heart on fire.The one who would take her from the dregs of Phoenix, but oh, so much more than that- a second chance for love.But there was only one issue at hand.Bella.With a silent sigh, Renee shut the door and set her phone to dial Phillip Dwyer's number.Three rings and with a winded chuckle, Phil's disembodied voice filtered through the room."Hey," he groaned with his sexy, raspy voice.She could tell he was smiling and it caused her to mirror a smile but it didn't portray in her voice."Hey.""Uh, oh," he chuckled dubiously."What?" Renee sighed, knowing."I can tell when something's up with you," His voice growing worried."Bella's painting," Renee said as if that explained everything.Maybe it did."Ah, and you don't want to leave her." He deduced. There was a sudden clicking in the background as if he was messing with a ball point pen.Phil was a pen clicker."I shouldn't leave her. I'm her mother. I feel like I am always gone with work as it is.""Stop. You're a wonderful, doting mother." It was Phil's turn to sigh, knowing Renee was stuck between guilt and apprehension. "I can come over there.""No Ugh. Just let me talk to her, I guess." Renee was pacing. Always talking and pacing."Will she be okay alone? I mean" She's eighteen. He doesn't say the rest, but Renee knows what he's thinking because she's thinking the same thing."I think she should be," Renee hedges, biting her lip, but she knows her daughter and she knows the answer.No. She won't.Bella will most likely spend the entire night in her room and painting the same thing, always the same thing, only with slight deviations. But if she were to leave her room, the quiet solitude, she may become anxious if she found that Renee was not there.Bella's anxiety controlled all actions within the home."You say that, but don't think she'll be okay," Phil whispered and paused for several moments. "I'll come over, problem solved." The clicking stopped waiting."Phil-""Don't-" He interrupted. "Don't make excuses. I want to see you. I'll bring dinner, but you do need to call her father. You need to tell him."Renee gasped and then took in a long wisp of air. "Oh, no Phil-""I know you don't want to, but she's not getting any better here and you know it.""I don't think Charlie won't be any better for her." Renee whispered."He's got to be better than the situation now. You said he's barely home, so she'll have her quiet and no one will mess with the Police Chief's daughter he's single, where you aren't, really."That made Renee smile, knowing this man wanted her enough to appease her. But she also knew Phil was right, but she couldn't help but think his words were laced with the selfishness of someone who wasn't a parent for the past 18 years.But she also couldn't disagree and Forks was far safer than Phoenix.If Bella were to agree with moving with her father it would also give Renee and Phil the time they needed to build this relationship without the constant worry about Bella."Call him, now." Phil reiterated and then said a kind goodbye.Renee hung up and stared at the phone.Just staring and wondering where everything went wrong.But maybe it was always wrong?Night terrors.Irrational fears.Countless conferences with school psychologists, family therapists- who thought they knew her daughter.But they didn't.Not like she did.Renee got Bella.Renee was once Bella.And there was that one boy who changed everything and nothing and left her in ruins.But then there was Charlie.To Renee, Charlie was a rock where James was the wind.Renee was water.And she used to paint them, just as Bella paints.But also different.More.Renee was still water.Charlie was still the rock.But she didn't know the rest.She didn't know who it was that Bella painted.Who was the earth?Who the Sun?Who were the trees the life given to each picture?Who was the darkness?
