Disclaimer: I don't own twilight or any of its characters. First Love, True LoveBella's POVI saw them from Jacob's bedroom when I went to see them. I had gone to see him to find out why he kept avoiding me. When I looked out the window, I saw Sam Uley and his gang standing several feet away.It was really only one of them that caught my attention. The face of a boy that I hadn't seen, other than in my dreams for years. I'd thought I'd never see him again. He'd left my life when I was sixteen and I never heard from him again. It tore him apart. Yet here he was now just a few feet away.I ran out the back door and towards all four men. I was beyond angry. When I saw him, all the pain and anger from losing him came back. There had been a lot of pain and anger, maybe even more so than when I lost Edward. I'd lost it more when Edward left, but I think that was more to with the fact I'd been left a second time. I tried not to think about it, but it was hard not to when the people you loved made a habit out of leaving you.I picked up speed as I got closer and I became more angry and hurt by the second. My eyes met his and his mine. He recognized me, not that I really expected me not to. It had only been about two years since we last saw each other. He wouldn't have forgotten me.As I got closer all four men regarded me carefully, especially Sam. I think he thought I was coming after him. A few minutes ago, I probably would've. I would've wanted to know what exactly he'd done to Jacob. Not anymore. Jacob was barely a thought in my head compared to him.I walked past the other boys and went to him, to Jared. I looked at him dead in the face for a second and slapped him across the face. "You son of a bitch!"Two of the other guys, one whom I knew was Jake's friend Embry, started laughing at Jared's expense."Bella, let me"I cut Jared off by slapping him a second time. It had hurt my hand both times, but I didn't care. I was angry and I wanted him to know it. I raised my hand to hit him again, but this time he grabbed my wrist."Bella, stop, you're gonna hurt yourself," Jared said in that caring voice he always used when talking to me.I yanked my hand free and laughed humorlessly. "Right. Of course you don't want me to hurt myself. Why would you let me do it when you can do it yourself?!""No, I never wanted to hurt you," Jared swore in a voice that pleaded with me to believe him.The anger inside me now was more intense than any I'd ever felt and I was glad. I would captivate on it because once it went away, I would feel nothing but pain, just like I had when Edward left and when Jared left. Only this time I had a feeling it would kill me."Yo, Jared, do you know Bella?" Embry asked.I ignored Embry and the others. As far as I was concerned, Jared was the only one there. "You didn't want to hurt me? What exactly did you think would happen when you walked out of my life?!""You act like it was my choice. My mom forced me to move," Jared said."Yeah, did she force you to break up with me and never contact me again too?" That's right, I dated Jared. We dated for over two years. I'd known Jared since I was eight. We'd started dating when we were fourteen until he left when we were sixteen. Everyone thought Edward was the first guy I loved, but he wasn't. That title went to Jared."Whoa, you dated Bella? Jake's gonna kill you," Embry said."Shut up, Embry! Stay out of this!" Jared said angrily before turning to me. "Bella, come for a walk with me. I'll explain."Jared reached out to touch me, but I pushed him a way. "No, don't touch me! I just came over to tell you what a bastard you are! Everything I've been through is because of you!" Okay, that was a bit much. It wasn't Jared's fault that Edward had left me, but it was his fault that the pain was so intense because I felt the pain of losing him too."Bella, please," Jared begged."No! Go to hell!" I yelled before running away from him as fast as I could.XxxxxxxxxxxJared's POVI was shocked when I saw her. I never thought I'd see Bella ever again after I left Phoenix. I knew that Jacob had been in love with someone named Bella, but I never thought it could be my Bella. The girl I dated the first two years of high school and the girl I still saw every time I closed my eyes.I'd met Bella when I was little and my dad moved me to Phoenix. My parents had gone through a messy divorce, which included a custody dispute which my dad had won. Divorced parents were what Bella and I had in common. It was how we became friends. We both knew what it was like to have divorced parents and to be forced away from one of them.We were best friends for years. We did everything together. Then when we were fourteen, we decided to date. I'd come to love her more than my own life. She was everything to me. Unfortunately, when I was sixteen, my mom got custody of me. I fought that with everything I had, as did my dad, but it didn't work. My mom won and I was forced back to the reservation, away from Bella. I broke up with her because I knew that I wouldn't be able to see her again until I was eighteen. My mom was never going to let me go back to Phoenix, even just to visit. I couldn't make Bella wait for me. It wouldn't be fair. So I broke her heart and my ownNow here we were face to face again. Only it was different this time, at least for me. When I saw her, it was like we were the only two people in the universe. Hell, there was no universe. There wasn't even the ground. All there was, was her. I lived for her now. No one else in the world mattered. I knew what it meant. I had just imprinted on the first and only girl I ever loved.I was brought back to reality only after Bella smacked me. "You son of a bitch!" she screamed at me.I was vaguely aware of my friends' laughter, but I paid them no mind. I focused on my girl and what I was going to say to her. "Bella, let me"I was cut off mid-sentence when Bella slapped me again. She went to do it again, but I grabbed her wrist to stop her. My skin was really hard. She was gonna hurt her hand if she kept this up. "Bella, stop, you're gonna hurt yourself."'She laughed at me. It wasn't the funny kind of laugh though. It was more the bitter, angry kind of laugh. "Right. Of course you don't want me to hurt myself. Why would you let me do it when you can do it yourself?!"It hurt to hear that she thought I'd wanna hurt her, but I certainly understood it. "No, I never wanted to hurt you.""Yo, Jared, do you know Bella?" Embry asked.Neither one of us paid him any attention. We were too focused on each other. Bella appeared to get more angry every time I spoke. "You didn't want to hurt me? What exactly did you think would happen when you walked out of my life?!""You act like it was my choice. My mom forced me to move," I said. Couldn't she see that I didn't want this to happen? I never wanted to come back to La Push. I didn't wanna leave her. I wasn't given a choice in the matter."Yeah, did she force you to break up with me and never contact me again too?" Bella asked me angrily.My girl had me there. My mom didn't force me to break up with her, though she did make it damn near impossible for me to keep the relationship. I had to make Bella understand this. I had to get her to forgive me."Whoa, you dated Bella? Jake's gonna kill you," Embry said.Shut up, Embry! Stay out of this!" I yelled at him. I didn't need him making comments right now, and I certainly didn't care what Jacob thought. Bella was mine and I had to find a way to work this out with her. I went to touch her. "Bella, come for a walk with me. I'll explain."Bella pushed me away. "No, don't touch me! I just came over to tell you what a bastard you are! Everything I've been through is because of you!"That certainly hit a nerve. I knew what she'd been through thanks to Jake and I wondered if she was right. Did I push the leech on her by leaving her? Was I the reason she suffered so much? I wasn't sure I could live with it if I did. I loved her so much, even without the imprint. I couldn't deal with her being hurt, especially not because of me. "Bella, please.""No! Go to hell!" she yelled at me before running away.I immediately went to follow, only to be stopped by Sam who grabbed my arm. "Jared, what's going on.""Later," I said before pushing him away and running after Bella. When I saw Bella, I felt whole again for the first time in two years. I wasn't going to screw up again. I was going after her and I was gonna get her back. I didn't care what I had to do.
