Seth's BattleChapter 1: EncounterDisclaimer: I wish I owned everything, but sadly, I don't. Stephenie Meyer owns it all.A/N: This is basically the inciting incident. The problem is that in the inciting incident, there wasn't much time to introduce Riley Pratt, the main girl character. I promise this is a SethXoc story. She ties into this story a lot, but this is also largely about Seth. It's time for Seth to finally have a problem instead of just getting a girl with a bad home life like in most fanfics about him. So. Just wait until Riley and Seth really meet in the next chapter.Seth's POVIt's funny how little time seemed to mean once you moved schools for so long. I was talking about a hundred years of different high schools. I didn't mind. I used to hate it, but I actually enjoyed watching the kids sort out their social class problems eventually. It was much easier to watch now since I have learned about everything I needed to know. Thank goodness back at home, people were used to kids looking younger than they are. The Cullens were personally responsible for that, but Sam's pack probably was, too. This time around I didn't have to go through the drab high school. There was too much risk of them remembering my track record. I finally got to take college classes. But that's way ahead of us. It was just the beginning of summer when my life began again. I'll start from the move...As we passed the house, I called, "Stop! Stop the car!" Alice slammed on the brakes, but I was already tumbling out the door. It didn't hurt me. I hurried to my feet and sprinted to the soil by the door. After exhaling, I already knew we had missed her."She's not here. Maybe she's still searching," Jake breathed down my back. Jake and I were pretty close, but nothing like a sibling bond. I used to find Leah so annoying. Boy, was I ever nave? Even if all Leah did was complain, I would have taken that before getting cut off completely. But that's what I was: stupid."You mean maybe she isn't dead, which is the most logical idea, and she's just looking for an imprint, which we aren't even sure female wolves can get?" Rosalie, the vampire version of Leah, the pessimist, said from the car."I already checked the books. She promised, she promised she'd come back if she got imprinted on. It was her last words to me," I sighed, tossing a bit of dusty dirt from my hand. It spread in the wind, dancing and dissolving. Leah was like that dirt. She didn't really dissolve, but it sure looked and felt like it."She wouldn't stop phasing and not tell us, Seth," Jake squatted next to me with a brotherly protection. Nessie was at my side soon. She was the most adorable woman I've seen, but it was not fair she got to treat me like I was the younger kid. I was there longer! Just because she had a huge crush on Jake  surprise, surprise  didn't mean she's older than me. She went by 15, but I went by 17."If we want to see Collin and Sally, we'd better go. I heard they were hanging on by a limb," Nessie whispered quietly. She got her grandfather's compassion. Renesmee hated when people were upset. I pouted my way back into the car. Collin and Sally had moved into the Black's house long after Billy had died. Of course, it brought back bad memories for Jake.We had talked to Collin a few years back. He helped plan our return. Collin had mentioned the low numbers of the tribe so we weren't sure what to expect. Jake planned on becoming the leader again. He already felt terrible for abandoning his job for so long.Collin was really close to Brady and I. Brady had stopped phasing after about ten years. Collin and I felt like there was something holding us backsomething to do with an imprint. I hadn't found mine, but when Collin found his a few decades back, it gave me hope.We were surprised when we came upon the empty house. It smelled unfamiliar. There was something drawing me in. It was intoxicatingand totally not Collin. "Something's wrong," Alice and I said at the same time."Where's Collin?" Jake jumped out of the car. "He's bedridden. He has to be in there, unless" Nessie stopped him with a hand on his shoulder. I had been afraid we were too late."No. I'm getting visions again. They have decided to stay. Oh no, this is terrible," Alice muttered, trying to find a complete thought. Running madly, I knocked on the door of the house, not even caring about Alice's vision. Jake walked solemnly behind me. I had to see for myself, I just did.An enticing woman opened the door. For a lady in her mid forties, she was seriously beautiful. "You looked up the entire phone book and didn't stop to look at the new number here," Jake muttered to me lowly. The woman somehow caught wind of the comment even though normal human ears could never."A phone book? I have one in here. Can I help you?" the bright-eyed lady asked. I blinked, surprised, I'm not sure what of, but just shocked by something. Jake seemed to be feeling the same effect."CollinLittlesea. We thought he lived here. Our mistakes," I backed off the porch quickly. The woman snapped her fingers with a puzzled look on her face. Let's get this straight. In no way was Jake or I attracted sexually to this woman, but her beauty still shocked us both."My daughter will know why that name sounds so familiar. Why don't you come inside? It will just be a moment. My name is Julie Pratt. Riley!" she called, dragging me inside as I glanced back awkwardly."Yes?" an enchanting voice sang. It was soft and velvety, like the sound of church bells ringing."Do you know anyone named Collin Littlesea?""'Heard of him. He died a few months before we moved in here. His granddaughter is that bitch who threw the glass at my hand. Of course, it left no mark. Why?" the angelic voice asked. Riley must have been her name. I seriously wanted to climb those stairs so I could put a face with the voice."Riley! Hush your mouth we have company. I'm sorry, what was your name?" Julie asked. Compared to Riley's voice, Julie's was as good as a smoker's raspy breath. It was disappointing to hear Julie's voice instead of Riley's."Like I care!" Riley exclaimed. Ah, there it was."Uh" I said. It took a few minutes, but then it dawned on me. Collin was dead. "I'm sorry, what about his wife, Sally?""Are you okay? She's at a nursing home. It's all coming back to me. Yes, do you know them? Grandson?" Julie asked, but I was already out of the door. "Well I never!"They all heard the confrontation. There was no need to explain. I suddenly felt lonely, so lonely I was terrified. That was it. If Leah was gone, there was nothing connecting us to our tribe anymore. All my brothers.gone. All my familygone."Let's find Sally. Collin wouldn't have been dumb enough to leave without having her tell us what to do," Jake muttered. His voice choked with tears. I didn't dare speak. I'd cry if I did. The tears burned my eyes, but they didn't fall.. . .The door squeaked upon our entrance. An old, but familiar lady lied on the propped up bed. "I told you! I don't want any more medicine," her voice rasped. Sallyshe was always a feisty girl. Jake and I only visited a few times, but Collin was obsessed with her."You have visitors Mrs. Littlesea," the nurse shut the door on Jake, Nessie, and I. She was old and wrinkled like a prune. I tried my best to smile through my tears when she opened her eyes. We all sat on the worn couch beside her."Seth Clearwater and Jacob Blackdamn, I was hoping to outlive you. But Collin just had to have a stroke," Sally muttered. Never was there a more stubborn lady you could meetor so I thought."Is that what happened to Collin? Sorry, I am Renesmee Cullen, Jake's friend," Nessie held out her hand. Sally looked like she wanted to spit on her hand and not shake it. Ness let her hand drop awkwardly. "I understand he left you with a message for us.""That's right. So shut your yapping and I'll get down to the point. Collin Dead," Sally coughed vigorously. Old people made me skittish. They were either smelly and sweet or rude and gross. I never knew how to exactly handle them. "Hold your tears for later. You two are the last of the tribe. Our generations have gone down due to low numbers of cold ones. But a new threat has nearly run over the population of Forks and LaPush.""Yes, Alice said that there was another group of carnivore vampires trying to hanker down," Jake spoke. "Has anyone phased?" Sally snort turned into a cough, but it was worth the thought."No. I suspect two boys, but I couldn't check because of all of these nurses who don't know what's good for them! All they want to do is give me pills hidden inside of jello! I don't even-," she rambled."Focus," I choked out. Jake and Ness were almost emotionless, but I was definitely feeling their losses hard. "What are their names?""Hell if I know. There's something off about the family staying at my old house, though they are mostly all girls." Sally sighed, trying to figure out what else to say. "You all already know the new leeches are staying at the Cullen house." Nessie held back a growl."Have they been feeding in town?" Jake asked."Only a few times about three years back, turned one even. Collin was so weak he couldn't even make a treaty. We did get them to agree to stay off our lands until Collin died. There was one death already. It seems like they are picking their time until I die. Once a month they visit me, those bastards!" Sally seemed ready to go on a rampage. Nessie covered her mouth in surprise. We have all seen some pretty gory things, but this hurt the most. Nobody can hurt our hometown!"Is there anything else you need to say?""Just to please start the pack up again. You two are the last. The generation has fizzled out right now, but they have had a good amount of boys. We were expecting a good outcome coming up in nearly a few months, but we are never sure. Hell, it can begin with you two," her wrinkled finger pointed to Nessie and Jake, both with cheeks burning."Oh no, we aren't together," Nessie insisted. I started laughing so hard it hurt. Hmm, Sally could grow on me."He obviously imprinted on you," Sally rolled her eyes before yawning. Nessie whispered, asking what imprinting meant. Oh boy, that would be a fun talk I haven't heard in years. "If you have further questions about the recent pack, my son may know a few answers, but don't count on it. His name is Johnny Littlesea. He lives only a block away from that weird Pratt family. Now if you excuse me, it's time for my nap." We all nodded our thanks as a nurse walked in. But just as we were about to close the door, Sally whispered, "Thank you.""For what?""For coming and letting me die without worry," Sally sighed and winked before another nurse closed the door on us. That was the last time we would see Sally and we all knew it. She had been strong enough to wait for us and for that, I am eternally grateful.We walked into to parking lot outside of the large hospital as a red convertible pulled up along with a Jeep and Volvo behind it. Everyone gathered around at a stone table and bench. The news spread fast. Nobody knew what exactly to do. Finally, Carlisle cleared his throat. "First thing first, we have to-." I couldn't listen to the plans. After excusing myself rather rudely, I jogged quickly into the woods and collapsed against a large tree with my head in my hands. But I wouldn't cry. Not when they could listen. So I sat there with my lip quivering until Jake sat next to me."We need you man," Jake sighed loudly. "We have to try to get their house back. I know it hurts, but just try to fight for them, okay?" I looked at Jake and sniffed. It was rare to see him this calm in such a risky situation, especially after a death we only heard about two minutes ago. If he could do it, I could do it."The people at her house, they spooked her. We have to figure that out for Collin," I nodded and stood, all signs of being disheveled gone. Jake smiled grimly and shook on it. For Collin.The Cullens didn't look at me weird like they used to when I got caught up in my past life. It was hard for him as well. Somehow, being a vampire made it easier to let go of all your friends and family from before. That's always my theory, but Jake shot it down every time."If we go back, will we have to fight?" Rosalie asks, looking at Alice. Jasper held her as she focused on her visions. She gulped before looking up. Edward growled, meaning that wasn't a good thing."It's hard to tell. There's a minor chance of a fight today, but most likely not. I suggest we go for it," Alice confirmed. We all glanced at each other. We weren't like the Volturi, so we didn't need a 100% outlook."I'm ready any day!" Emmett hollered."Our top priority isn't getting the home back," Carlisle scolded Emmett and Jasper, the most territorial of the family. "I'd like them to leave the town all together, but if they would agree to not feed-""You mean kill," Jake imputed, making Ness smack him upside the head. "Just saying!""-in our area, then we could most likely go off of that," Carlisle finished without skipping a beat. He met eyes with every one of us before we all piled into cars. I had to say I was pretty nervous. There was almost never a chance of us being beaten, meaning they must have had some very special gifts that enhanced them. We drove along the almost unfamiliar rode, everyone thinking on something different.I leaned beside Jake as we were put in the backseat. Honestly, I couldn't care less about passenger seat. Nessie and I always would wrestle each other for it. Jake, being so overprotective, wouldn't let me phase to wrestle, so she always won. "When we visited the Pratt house, don't you think something was odd about Julie?" I hissed. Surely Jake didn't want Renesmee hear how attractive the lady was to him."You felt that too? Good," he sighed, glancing back at Nessie. Alice could hear our conversation probably, but Nessie's ears were always a bit less sensitive, especially compared to mine. "It was kind of like a mist took over and my head clogged.""And that second voice I heardwhoever it belonged to had to have the same charm over herself," I shook my head, stumped. I wasn't going to tell anyone, but I really hoped Riley was the one. Even if I never got to see her for the rest of my life, if I could listen to that voice everyday and all day, it would have been a blissful life. It definitely compared or even beat the beauty of vampires' voices."I don't know what it is you two are talking about, but" Alice was cut off as Emmett's car was flipped up into the air. We were already along the dirt road to their house in a secluded path. Suddenly, something like a large root of a tree the size of sewer pipe came running along the ground and was made of pure dirt. Before Alice could maneuver away, it had our car spiraling into the air over and over until we landed on our hood in a deep ditch. Jake and I were the ones groaning. The back end of the car had us squished together with metal shards impaling our skin.Ness and Alice were just shocked. They moved quickly while Jake and I sat in the back, waiting for them to get out. "Could you all hurry up and un-dent the car? It's pretty uncomfortable," Jake groaned. He wasn't lying. With a final huff, the girls flipped over the car. I totally would have helped, but I'm pretty sure my body is trying to counteract the metal shard sticking in my thigh. We climb out of the back and I literally drop to the ground."Seth!" Bella ran over to me quickly, along with everyone else. Lucky them that their skin was as hard as metal. "Carlisle!" His cool hands roamed along my thigh and he looked up with a happy smile. The pain was beginning to fade slowly, but it was bearable to sit up. With a deep sigh, Carlisle yanked the metal shard out, much to my pain.Through clenched teeth, I muttered, "What the hell was that?" A new voice rang through my ears. "And who is that? Listen." They did as I said with a collective gasp before we realized the clan had seen us coming."We'll have to wait and see. How's that leg? Good, stand up. Don't show weakness," Jasper hissed so quietly we barely heard. Even though my leg wasn't all that great, I stood beside Jake as he pushed Nessie behind him. We had taught Nessie to fight long ago, but I guess that wasn't good enough for Jake."That," a new, high-pitched voice sounded as the group of seven surrounded us in the road. We formed a defensive circle even though we outnumbered them. Nessie was in the middle with us around her, our backs to each other so we all faced outward at a different vampire. Normally, she'd complain, but now was not the time. "Would be the lovely effects of passing into our territory. Hi, Gregory McCoy, how do you do?" I risked a glance over my shoulder to see him. He had light skin with ratty hair gelled back and was only about five feet tall. Gregory spoke in a voice that made him sound like he was very intimidating. Emmett even scoffed."I'm afraid we've crossed with misunderstanding," Carlisle breathed. "Why don't we speak in lessdefensive positions. We mean no harm.""Are you just passing through?" a female on my left sounded. She had red hair with a bandana holding it back from her face. She reminded me of a pixy like fairy. We shook our heads. "Then you mean us more harm than peace." I couldn't get over the fact that all of their eyes were a deep crimson color. It chilled me to the bone so much I was beginning to shake."What's that smell?" a boy around the age of thirteen voiced as he skipped into the road. The Cullens all gasped in shock, baring their teeth. That made a total of eight."An immortal child," Rosalie sneered."He's not a child," somebody hissed from their side."That's enough for the Volturi to come near close to slaughtering you," Edward seethed. We would definitely know. The child stepped closer to us. That was too much for Jake and me. We sprinted forward, away from the close-packed circle, and phased, ripping our clothes to shreds. The other clan of vampires hissed and growled, but they had already sensed our presence. "Wait!" Edward was looking at, who I presumed to be their leader, Gregory. "They are with us.""Please, let's talk in a civil manner and avoid problems like that occurring again," Carlisle asked again. Foreign eyes were on Jake and I the entire time. Silence. It filled the air. As the leader thought, Jake and I checked out the competition.They look like pirates, of all thoughts, that was my own. If it wasn't so tense, Jake would have mustered a laugh. I was correct. They even had a pirate accent. When I was little, what seemed like a lifetime ago, I'd dress up as a pirate and parade around the neighborhood. How I wished I could be little again in the comfort of Mom and Dad's arms while Leah teased me.Now's not the time, Seth. Focus, Jake reprimanded. Focus. Everyone tells me to focus for different reasons, all the reasons in their favor to gain something. But me? I had no reason to focus other than self-preservation and that's never the most honoring reason. I snapped back to attention, escaping the pity party I was putting Jake through. There were four boys and four girls, of differing ages. They had on bandana made of colored cloth. I had seen some crazy outfit spikes over the years, but this was insane."We have a house," the ginger spoke finally."Our house," Emmett couldn't resist but to mutter."You are welcome to come, but dogs aren't allowed," she finished with a hiss. Everyone looked to Jake and me. I whimpered, wanting to be in on the conversation, especially if that led to a fight. It had been a while since we got to have a good fight."We can talk here. Nobody comes here often," Esme spoke up. She truly envisioned me as a son and didn't want to leave me out at all. They nodded in agreement and everyone gathered on two sides of the road. The Cullen family on one side and the new clan on the other. Jake and I quickly phased back to normal and found shorts from our very much-crushed car."What are those things?" the boy asked. We disregarded his question. Not to be rude, but we didn't have time for his wandering mind."If you don't mind, would you answer? We've never seen one before," a girl who seemed oddly young as well spoke with much interest. I couldn't keep my eyes off of the young boy. It seemed that the clan revolved around him despite his age."We are shape-shifters, more commonly known as werewolves. We are designed to protect the tribe of LaPush and kill our sole enemy: vampires," Jake growled deftly. That was over explaining it in my book. Instantly, they were put on edge."You couldn't touch us," the boy smirked."Want to bet?" Edward smiled mischievously. I got the feeling there was an inside joke going on. Something I didn't know. "Amanda, you know their power. They are definitely a threat, right?"Amanda, the one with red hair and a pixy face sighed sadly, "He's right. They killed my creator with ease when we passed through about fifty years ago.""I am Carlisle Cullen," Carlisle spoke loudly, drawing attention to him. "We used to live in the very house you all live in today. That was about one hundred fifty years ago and we stayed there for quite a long time.""How did you manage that?" the young boy smirked."We don't feed from human blood. We only drink animal blood. To get to the point, this was our first territory and we don't appreciate your clan killing human beings on our land with innocent people," Carlisle sighed. We had this problem about a hundred and fifty years back. They left quickly after hearing about Edward and Alice's gifts."You mean to say you only feed off of animal blood. That's ridiculous!" cried the young boy. He was doing all of the talking, but I don't know why. He was prone to rash outbursts. I liked Gregory more."We don't enjoy wasting a life for our meals. We understand that's what you do and that is fine as long as it's not here. Even the Volturi suggest not staying in one area for long to stay unsuspicious," Carlisle continued to defend his lifestyle. I glanced his way, for once seeing them for who he truly is. Carlisle is a cold killing machine with no heart that is nearly indestructible and never dies. That's how he appears, but it only takes mere minutes to see how he responds to the change he went through so long ago. He has a big heart full of compassion that couldn't harm a person's life over his own that never dies or gets hurt. It's all about perspective.Still to this day I wonder how somebody so pure was made and kept so compassionate after he was bitten."You expect us to drop our lives here and leave?" the young blonde stepped to the boy's side. They were mates, obviously, despite their young age. How long had they been trapped in their teenage bodies."Yes. Or convert to our lifestyle," Jasper spoke with unease. I didn't like that Jasper spoke. That meant he wasn't appealed with their moods."Why don't we just hunt outside of Forks and LaPush?" Gregory offered."You would end up hunting only in the closest spot we allow and that would be too suspicious, not to mention cruel. We are surprised you have stayed three years without moving on like normal Nomads," Edward said with dignity. Again, that was not a good sign. Most of the time, it was only Carlisle speaking."Hold on a minute," a shorthaired blonde stepped forward with a heavily accented voice sounding Australian. She was taller than me, taller than most to be exact. It wasn't intimidating at all; note the sarcasm. "I don't take to heart what you are doing. You left. My mates and I came. Just because you once lived here doesn't make this your territory and it doesn't give you the right to push us around." It was time for Jake to step in."It's not just them. Seth," Jake motioned to me, "and I are and have always been part of the Quileute tribe. You got lucky that we weren't here earlier. The tribe got low, but now they are back. If you are to stay and convert, we will need to form a treaty just like we will have to do with the Cullens." Unless they stay, we weren't planning on making a treaty. Family bound us then. There's no need for a treaty throughout a family."Tell me, what happens when you don't reach an agreement," a spunky, jet-black haired woman stepped forward. Well into her thirties and she still had spiked hair. Stubborn.Jake growled. "You're lucky enough that we haven't ripped you to shreds. 99 percent of the time there's a leech, we chase them down and fight." The fact that they were here for so long made me worry about the pack. The pack was out of commission for three years at the least, possibly more."And you are ready for a fight? With one injured and surprise not on your side?" Amanda snickered. A wave of distaste hit me all at once. I realized that things were not going to go our way, not this time. They were not willing to give in even though they were outnumbered. A shudder ran through me at the mention of a fight.Carlisle stepped forward onto the cement as Edward called a warning too late. A grin spread wide on his face, the young boy thrust his hand upward. Simultaneously the area where Carlisle had stepped shot into the sky and took Carlisle with him. We gaped up and saw with horror that he went so high that we couldn't see the top. With a faithful leap, Carlisle fell to the earth at amazing speeds only to be intercepted by Emmett, which slowed his fall."What was that trickery?" Alice piped. For a tiny girl, she sure pulled off a death glare well. The young boy was grinning like he had a secret that only they knew."He has a gift close to Benjamin's in Egypt. It's weaker and only deals with the element Earth, but it's still very powerful," Edward growled. The young boy was breathless and lacked energy. Looks like somebody needs more practice."This does not have to lead to a fight," Esme insisted. Esme must truly hate conflict to try to stay at peace with a boy who nearly killed her mate."Not today," Edward hissed. "You have been warned. I believe we've overstayed our welcome." Whenever things are risky like that, we'd let Edward decide when to leave. Basically, when he got enough information to know about every one of them, we could go. With our cars destroyed, we ran back to the main and further up, out of their hearing range. When I could no longer hear them, we decided to stop."I don't like them. They take our house, ruin our cars  my baby!" Emmett growled, " and now they want to kill people.""Honey," Esme motioned to Carlisle. We continued to walk at a slow pace. Nessie was already in Edward's arms, fast asleep. She would be in Jake's but Bella refused for that much contact between them unless it was the last option. "We need to find shelter.""Let's find Collin's son. We are staying in LaPush this time," I grinned loudly, waking up Renesmee.. . .I pounded on the door for the hundredth time. "Are you sure this is the right address? It looks abandoned," Rosalie scoffed, peering in the window. I was about to speak when I heard the slosh of rain boots in the mud coming our way. Only Rosalie, Emmett, and I came to find Johnny Littlesea. The rest were looking for a decent hotel to stay in."What are you kids doing lurking around here for?" a man called as he stepped on the path with us. I turned with a cheerful grin."We are looking for Johnny Littlesea. Have you sean him?" I joked. The man stared at me like I'm an idiot."I'm Robert Pratt. Johnny hasn't been around since he put his mom in the old folks home. How can I help?" Robert sighed. He didn't seem too cheery. Emmett stepped forward, ready to explain when Robert gasped. He struggled to contain himself, but it didn't look like it was going to happen soon. Finally, he stuttered out the word, "Vampire!""Uh, I don't know what you're talking about," Rosalie laughed nervously. Seriously, she had a pretty face, but she'd never be an actress."Vampire" Robert pointed Rosalie's way before scrambling off the porch and landing in a muddy puddle."Sir, how do you know about them?" I give him a hand, which he denies."Our legends," Robert grunted and tried to scramble backwards again, but I held his arm tightly. "What are you doing with them? Please! Don't kill me!""Calm down," Emmett seemed to love the attention. "Seth here is a shape-shifter. I'm sure you've heard of him.""Of course I have. Why are you traveling with them? Kill them, they are your enemy," Robert scolded Seth even while trapped. Seth could bet he was a happy person"They only drink animal blood," I said. "Can I let you go?" Robert nodded. "Good. Now how do you know about us?""My wife's tribe had their own legends. And I, a descendant of the Ateara line, had our gene. I am on the council," Robert snuffed with dignity. "If you are an active member, where have you been?""Long story short, I have been alive for much longer than you think, along with Jacob Black. We-," I began."The Jacob Black? Who fell in love with a hybrid nearly one hundred fifty years ago?""The one and only. We traveled with the Cullen clan, but now we are back home. We were planning on staying at their house," I motioned to a bored looking Rosalie and Emmett, "but the new clan have overtaken there. We were wondering if Jonny had a solution." Robert, with a look of worry, glanced back over his shoulder to a large field."Due to your years of service and the protection you offer today, as I assume you will continue, I, on behalf of the council, give you this land deep in the woods on my right. It's actually far behind my house. They," he pointed rudely at the vampires, "can only stay if they vow to not touch a soul here, bite, feed, or transform, and they must help drive away the new vampire clan. I have heard of the Cullens and I trust Jacob Black, a well known Alpha, knows what he's doing.""Thank you, Sir," I sighed in relief. That's exactly what I was thinking would happen. "You don't have to worry, you are in good hands." I hoped I wasn't lying to that man. I was still curious what legends were true on his wife's side. Pratt. That was the family who moved into Collin's house. The odd family. HmmA/N: FYI I totally promise this is a lot about Seth and his imprint. To every good story, there is a good plot. Don't worry the next chapter will be more about Seth and the OC. I'd like five reviews before the next chapter. 5! 
