Pen name: addicted-to-romione-bedwardTitle: The RainbowFandom: TwilightPairing: Edward/JasperRating: MBeta: harrytwifanBanner Maker: addicted-to-romione-bedwardDisclaimer: I don't own anything Twilight related, not even the general idea really since the story is inspired by Queer as Folk.Summary: Socially awkward twink, Edward, meets Jasper, the manwhore, in front of Rainbow club. Edward tries everything in his power to change Jasper's ways and show him the wonders of a relationship. Written for Fandom Against Juvenile Diabetes.Warnings: slash (boyxboy loving)I'd like to dedicate this to Nancy, my amazing beta! It's her birthday and this is probably the only way I could thank her...through writing. Damn, living on the wrong continent. So Happy Birthday, hon! I know how much you love these boys.Watch that man! Oh honey, watch that manHe talks like a jerk but he could eat you with a fork andspoonWatch that man! Oh honey, watch that manHe walks like a jerkBut he's only taking care of the roomMust be in tuneDavid Bowie  Watch That Man"Holy fuck!""If you say that one more time" Bella threatened, shaking her finger."I can't stop!" I grinned, keeping my arm around her shoulders."Well, let's see" She finally caved to my pathetic behavior. "You're grinning like a lunatic, you're blushing like hell, you've been walking funny all morning, and you're wearing yesterday's clothesyou got laid!"I glanced around the cafeteria, trying to conceal the permanent smile on my facein vain."You can say that." I tried to act nonchalant, when on the inside I was bursting to tell her everything."Who's the lucky one?" she asked, sweeping her eyes around the room. "Not any of these losers, right?""Puh-lease, girl!" I rolled my eyes. "They don't know, remember?" I shook my head at her silliness. "Anyway," I dragged the word, leaning into her side."Tell me, Edward," Bella urged impatiently."Are you aware of the club Rainbow?" I bit my lip nervously."Every gay person knows of it. Not that I'm gay. Not that being gay is a bad thing. Ungh." She giggled, embarrassed. "You've been talking about it for ages."I beamed at her, hoping she'd put two and two together."You didn't!" She gasped. "You're a minor, and besides sex, there are drugs and alcohol and maybe serial killers!""Chill," I grunted. "Don't ruin my buzz.""Your buzz?" she asked, raising her eyebrows.I nodded, grin back in place."So you've finally done the deedin the Backroom of Rainbow? Gah! What happened to waiting for Prince Charming?""I met him!" I gushed, taking her hands in mine."In a club?" She gave me a skeptical look."What's wrong with that? Many people find love in the wrong places.""Oh, fine! So who is he? Anyone I know? How many teenagers can go to a club?""He's not exactly a teenager," I said quietly. She's going to flip when she hears his age."Sweet, Edward. You slept with a college student?" Her eyebrows shot up in surprise.I chewed on my bottom lip. "He's a psychologist.""Practicing? Training?""No. He has his own company.""So young? Some spoiled brat?"I shook my head. "He's kindathirty.""Sorry, but I suddenly became deaf. Could you repeat that last part?""Bella, don't give me that." I looked pleadingly at her."Give you what? Are you sure you wanted to sleep with him? He didn't molest you or anything?""Nooo!" I had never felt more mortified. "You're my best friend. I thought you'd understand.""Only friend," she muttered, but I could tell she regretted it. Her sad eyes betrayed her, though the words cut through me. "Holy shit. I'm sorry, Edward."I made to get up from the table, but she stood too, hugging me tightly."Sorry, hon. Sit back down and tell me about him."Huffingannoyed at myself and how my soft spot for Bella made me always forgive herI did as told, slumping back in my chair.I was in the line, hoping to get inside, when he came out. He was one hot specimen.I couldn't look away, even if I tried. The dark blond-haired guy was smoking hot, emphasis on smoking. He was currently flipping his Zippo at the end of the cigarette lolling from his mouth. Those lipsfuck.That was my cue. Why wait in vain to get inside the blasted club when everything I wanted was outside, mere feet away from me?Determined, I broke from the line and held my lighter to his mouth. I wasn't a smoker, but I always had a lighter on me.He peered down at medeep, slightly clouded, blue eyesand I was a goner.Bending his head closer and cocking it to the side, he cupped a hand around his smoke, all the while staring at me intensely and made me fumble to light his cigarette. I couldn't take my eyes off him, watching mesmerized as small puffs of smoke left his mouth and nose.I'd never felt so incapacitated before, not even when I came out to my best friend. Bella was actually happy we could gush together over hot actors. Hearing his warm voice speaking to me made me high on him. "I've never seen you around here. Are you new in town?""Lived here all my life," I answered automatically, staring captivated at his lips."I'd have remembered such a pretty face as yours," he commented around his cigarette.I shrugged, blushing and feeling like a total idiot."Want to see my bedroom ceiling?"I gaped at him, not understanding the meaning of his proposal. What could be different about his ceiling? You've seen one, you've seen all. Maybe he needed ideas on renovation, but what an odd thing to ask histrick. Was I his trick? "Uh, sure. My mom's an interior designer." I knew a thing or two about designing a room."How sweet." He flicked ash on the pavement at his feet. "So are you coming with me?"Coming being the key word. I nodded frantically, smiling from ear to ear.He smirked and spun on his heel, walking the other way. I stared dumbly after him. Did I do something to offend him? When he reached the corner of the street, he glanced back, frowning. "Coming, or what?""Oh." I felt so stupid as I rushed after him like an eager pup.He led the way to a black slick BMW."Cool ride," I said, admiring the polished car. I was still driving mom's old Volvo, silently hoping for a better, manlier carlike this one.My companion smiled widely, showing me his pearly white teeth, making me wonder how much he paid his dentist. Smoking and having white teeth? On what planet? But his handsome face distracted me quickly. He was too freaking hotand that mouth of his. My dick hardened at the thought of his lips around it."This is my new shiny toy," he said proudly, pressing a button on the remote in his hand. "It's the i8.""The newest model?" My mouth dropped in surprise. He must be loaded. I wondered exactly how old he was, because he didn't look a day over twenty-five, and to have that kind of money at such a young ageHe opened the door, showing me how it workedit was a lambo door, of course.Once inside the vehicle, I felt like my usual awkward self. At least, I'd been inspired to wear my contacts and not look like a nerd in my glasses.We drove in silence, listening to his music choice. I was surprised to hear Cher's early work, like I Feel Something In The Air and The Way Of Love. I guessed every gay man loved Cher. She was one of my all-time favorites.The ride lasted about half an hour. He lived on the outskirts of Pittsburgh, in Brentwood. I lived on the other side of the city, on 44th Street. But I decided not to worry about how I'd get back, or what my parents would do when I didn't show up at home later that night. Living in the now was my new motto.The blond hottie whose name I didn't know, and I had a feeling it would remain a mystery even after tonight, lived in a large house. It had two floors.He unlocked the front door, and after I stepped in after him, he locked up, punching a key code in his alarm system."Come," he commanded, walking up the stairs.Of what I could see, the place was pretty neat for a single man. I hoped he was single, but it wasn't like I could go anywhere now.He started undressing on the way to his room. His jacket was abandoned on the floor at the top of the stairs, then his tie followed, his shirt, his belt, and when we reached his room, he took his pants off.I gaped at his muscular bodyhe had the most perfect six pack I'd ever seen, and I'd only ever seen it in pictures."Are you going to gawk at me, or take your clothes off and join me?" he drawled, stepping out of his briefs and socks.Holy fucking shit! He was huge.I wanted to fall to my knees and worship that cock. After hastily taking my clothes off, feeling very self-conscious about my lanky teenage body, I walked to him and accidentally tripped over his underwear. The action made me fall at his feetin the position I desired in my mind, but was too afraid to act on it.He chuckled, helping me up on my knees."If you wanted to suck me, you could have asked."I looked between his face and his hard dick a couple of times until I settled for his cock. I opened my mouth as wide as I thought was necessary, before wrapping my lips around him. He hissed in pleasure. I could see through my half closed eyelids that his head was tipped back.I'd never felt so proud of myself as in that moment."Yeah, suck me deeper," he pleaded. I did as told and nearly choked myself. He put his hands at the back of my neck, easing his dick out of my mouth.No! I pouted, realizing he thought I was terrible at itwhich I was. I'd never sucked anyone off. Heck, he was my first real experience since I started exploring my sexuality. "We can try this later." He lifted me up so we were almost nose to nose. "Now, I want to fuck you," he whispered, making it sound like a dirty secret.I moaned, taking hold of my aching dick.Smirking, he pushed me on the bed, where I tumbled down on my back sprawling my body awkwardly on the mattress.After rummaging through his nightstand, he placed on the bed a bottle of lube and a foil.Shit! This was the moment.Should I tell him I've never done it before?Would he read too much into it? I didn't want to blow my chance at getting fucked."Nervous?" he asked gently.I only nodded, watching as he uncapped the lube and poured some on his hand, before rubbing both hands together."First time?"I nodded again, unable to find my voice."I'll go slowly. Now, if you'd lean back and raise your knees"I quickly complied, not sure why he wanted me on my back. I thought gay sex was only from behind.Jeez. I really needed the balls to browse this on the Internet.The first time he touched me there, I jumped, not expecting his move, but as he eased the muscle, I discovered how pleasurable being touched there was. He worked me gently with a finger, then added another. I started building for my impeding orgasm, and he noticed, because he twisted his hand, his nails scraping against something deep inside me. That made me explode. I came around from my high by a sharp pain from my ass.He was inching his covered dick inside me.Fuck! It hurt.I tried to push him away with my hand on his tight abdomen, but he didn't budge."Relax. The discomfort will be gone soon."I wanted to believe him, so I tried to relax. The pain subsided only after his fourth push and pull. When I bucked into him, seeking pleasure, he grinned. His hand smoothed my hair out of my eyes."You're so pretty."I am? I wanted to question his statement, but all that came out my mouth was an embarrassingly loud moan.He fucked me slowly until all I felt was pleasure, and I was begging for more. It was all he needed as he started pounding into me so hard and fast the bed springs groaned in protest.When he came, he took me with him a second time.Speedy recovery time was probably the only good thing about being a teenager.We lay sprawled on his bed, basking in the afterglow. I dozed off, too tired to focus on what he was talking about. The last thought I had before I fell asleep was that I hadn't even had a good look at his bedroom ceiling."And? Don't stop now!" Bella protested when I stopped talking.I chuckled. "He woke me a few times during the night and we tried different positions.""Sodoes he know you're a minor? What's his name?"Bella's Inquisition wasn't over."Of course, he doesn't know! His name is Jasper Whitlock. I saw it on his business card on the counter in the kitchen. He drove me back to the club where I'd left the car last night," I explained."Holy shit! Your mom must be worried sick.""I'll lie and say I spent the night at your place." I winked."Don't be surprised when our moms start planning our wedding. You have to tell your mom the truth, Edward.""She'll hate me. Dad will disown me.""If you think like that from the start""I can envision the conversation, Bella. It will end in tears for all parties involved." I shuddered."Whatever. Let's head to class. By the way, are you seeing him again?" she asked as we made our way out of the cafeteria."We didn't establish anything. Hoping I'm not grounded forever, I'll head back to Rainbow tonight and seek him out.""Luck. Though, I have a bad feeling about this. He seems to be an ONS kinda guy.""One night stand? Don't be absurd. We shared something.""Your virginity," she whispered, dissolving in a fit of giggles.I scowled, refusing to believe she was right. Before we reached Biology, I was laughing along with her.I'm so excited to share this new story to you all! I hope you'll enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.I will make a folder in my group on facebook and add there pictures. ;)I don't have a posting schedule yet, so we'll see when the next chapter comes, could be a few days or so.
