Disclaimer...Characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. I am only borrowing them and tweaking their personalities.This is just a little diddy about Bella and Edward. Completely unrealistic but guess what? This is FICTION!Introducing... "The Soul Speaks"PROLOGUENarrator POVJust a little background.New York is the last place Bella thought she would be living after growing up in small town, USA a/k/a Forks, WA but she followed her two best friends after graduating college. Her best friends, Rosalie and Alice, were outgoing and completely her opposite but her best friends nonetheless and she loved them dearly.Bella, Alice and Rosalie met at The University of Washington when they were crammed in a too small dorm room their freshman year as dorm-mates. They instantly clicked and helped Bella expand her wings by introducing her to many things. Bella was a bookworm and would have lived in the library had it not been for Rose and Alice's stubborn insistence that she attend parties, go to clubs and dear Lord...shop. They taught her how to dress properly and how to carry herself but deep down, Bella will always be that small home town girl.So, how did little hometown girl, Bella, end up in the big bad city? Rose, a fashion model, and Alice, a clothing designer, obtained employment in New York in their respective careers. What is Bella's career? Romance Novelist. She grew up with the most perfect parents who loved each other unconditionally and were not afraid to show it. They died in a car accident a little more than four years prior when Bella was just starting college. She was devastated when she got the call and had it not been for her new friends, she would have crumbled. She learned quickly just how wonderful and loyal her friends were and helped her greatly.Bella's first novel was all about her parent's love and sold before they could hit the shelves. Bella was an overnight success it seemed. Her editor was Jasper Whitlock who became a true friend and confidant to her and eventually, Alice's boyfriend, or soul mate as she claimed. It was love at first sight for them and Bella envied their fairytale and wished she could find her perfect match...her swan as her parents called it. She had never seen such a connection between two people and that included the relationship her parents had. When Jasper and Alice were in the same room, everyone and everything disappeared around them. They would stare intensely at each other and carry on silent conversations. It was fascinating to watch. No one or nothing could break their connection. You either carried on like they weren't there or left the room altogether. They anticipated what the other needed or what the other would do and responded without the necessity of words. Truly amazing to see firsthand.Now as for Rosalie. Rosalie was a sex bomb and "fell in love" with just about every man she met but finally met the man who tamed her heart...one sexy, fine piece of man meat, Emmett McCarty. He was your typical larger than life, boisterous, man-child who loved "Rosie" with his whole heart, which was larger than the State of Texas. "Rosie" just loved her "sexy beast man" and wasn't afraid to show it. Emmett played football and apparently was quite a hot commodity. They met at a photo shoot and Rose brought him home. Another match made in heaven.Bella was overjoyed for her friends but envious and a little jealous. Again, she wanted someone to love and who would love her in return, unconditionally. She wanted a man who would light her soul on fire with just a simple look. A man who would take care of her like her father took care of her mother. She's already had so much tragedy in her life, she was ready for a lifetime of love? Little did she know that her fairytale was about to begin. A fairytale filled with sex, sex and more sex.
