DISCLAIMER: I do not own Twilight, or any of the original characters associated with Twilight."Isabella, wait!" cried Edward Masen, running after the dark-haired girl who was hurrying down the cobblestone garden path in front of him. "Isabella, please!" Finally he caught up as she paused next to a tree. Her dark-brown eyes looked scared, and as he watched, she visibly shivered, despite the warm March evening. Edward quickly closed the distance between them, and put his hand on her shoulder, wincing when she flinched , "Are you sick?" She looked at the ground, straightened her shawl, and then finally met his eyes. Her voice came out in nearly a whisper, "No, Edward, I'm not sick." He carefully led her over to a stone bench and took a seat, "Well, what is it then?" She sighed, and studied her clasped hands as she thought of how to tell Edward the truth. He was her closest friend, male, or female, and had been courting her for nearly a year. She hesitated, knowing that this news would shake both of their worlds. "We...I...well, I'm..." she paused, pressing her hand to her mouth. There was no right way to say this. She started again, and her words came out in a rush, "Edward, I'm having a baby."For a moment he sat in shocked silence, then slowly brought his eyes up to Isabella's face. Surely she hadn't really said those five words. He must have misunderstood her, and soon they would laugh about it, and this would be over. But as he focused on her expressive eyes, he knew that she had stated the truth. There had been no misunderstanding. Then she spoke, a bit timidly, "Edwarddid you hear me?" He nodded, clearing his throat, "Y-yesI heard." She nodded, looking away as he silently studied the ground. Finally he spoke, "Are you absolutely sure?" "Yes." "How do you know?" She hesitated, then spoke, "The doctor at Beachtown. He-he confirmed it." Edward quickly looked up, "You went to Beachtown?" Beachtown was what everyone called the poorest part of town, down by the docks. It was dirty, and rough, filled with all kinds of criminals "Yes." "Alone?" She looked down, then back at his face, "I-I had to Edward. No-one knows me thereAnd I had to know." He swallowed hard, "Of course." The very thought of Bella anywhere near Beachtown, alone, turned his stomach. The thought of her walking down those dirty streets, among criminals, going to the doctorthe examining roomalone He looked up as she spoke, "The doctor said-said to expect the baby sometime in September" Andrew nodded, "Alrighthow did I let this happen?" A tear trickled down her cheek as she shook her head, "I don't know" "I'm sorry, BellaI didn't mean for this to happen" Isabella shook her head, not wanting to hear his apology. It was just another reminder of what had happened, "Edward, it doesn't matterOur parentsYou're going to be a doctorThis will ruin your name" she began to cry.He felt tears begin to prick his own eyes, and quietly put his arms around her, "Come here." She stiffened at his touch, but then relaxed. He looked down at the thin girl beside him. Her dark head rested just below his shoulder. Her shoulders shook with sobs, but he didn't know how to comfort her. The thought tore him apart. He felt tears rolling down his own face, and swiped at them with his sleeve. He loved this girl. He loved her. How could he have failed so miserably? He had known that she was special the moment they met. She had just turned 14, and he had been 15. He had loved the way her eyes lit up when she laughed, the way she lightly skipped when she walkedEverything she had said or done, he had admired. The next year, he had asked her parent's permission to come courting, and it had been granted. They had gotten along, laughing and talking together. They had understood each other on a level that no-one else had ever been able to reachand then that one nighthe had ruined everything that night. Edward shook his head, not wanting to think about itAnd now, now Isabella clung to him, shaking as she cried. Her face was down, and her eyes were still full of unshed tears. Edward was disgusted with himself. For years he had been trying to prove that he was a man, but now he had no idea how to help Isabella. He couldn't think of any words that would amount to anything; she was hurting, and he had to take most, if not all, of the blame, and yet, he couldn't make this any easier for her. He noticed her shoulders gradually stop shaking, and waited a moment before gently pushing her back to look at her face, "Bella? Are you alright?" She wiped her eyes, and slightly nodded, "I will be."He sighed, "I know it wouldn't be easy, but maybemaybe we can announce our engagement. If you marry me, no-one ever has to know that this child was-was born out of wed-lock. Will you marry me, Bella?" Isabella felt a chill roll down her spine at the thought of spending the rest of her life with him. Before, she would have jumped at his proposal. At any proposal, even a half-hearted one like this, but now...she studied his face, "Edward, you know that our parents would never agree to us getting married right now. They'll say that we're too young." He nodded, "That's trueBut we have to try."
