Chapter 1Beep, beep, beep'Stupid alarm' I thought as I reached my arm over carefully to turn it off, mindful of the stitches on my left forearm from a week before when Charlie took the big butcher knife from the kitchen and dug it across my arm when I woke up to late and didn't have time to make him his usual eggs, bacon, and sausage breakfast. I had stayed up all night the night before studying for a huge social studies exam at school and over slept.I got ready as quickly as possibly mindful of the bruises on my abdomen from the night before. I grabbed some clothes and hopped into the shower to get ready for school. I quickly washed my hair and body and got out getting dressed and a pair of skinny jeans a long sleeved shirt and a big hoodie to hide all the bruises. Luckily this time I don't have to worry about make up because he finally learned his lesson about hitting me in the face when he gave me a big black eye and the cops came by and questioned him about it. He made me lie and say I'm really clumsy and ran into the wall again. I'm actually not all that clumsy but everyone thinks I am because I have to explain my bruises somehow without them finding out that my dad beats me every fucking day of my life for no reason since I was old enough to walk.My mom died in child birth and my dad had to raise me all on his own. I don't ever remember anything other than him slapping me across the face or throwing me against the wall if I so much looked at him.Once I was sure I look decent enough I went down stairs and went in to the kitchen to start on Charlies breakfast. I got finished with the eggs and just as I was putting the sausages on Charlie walked in."Morning dad" I mumbledHe just glared at me and grumbled."Hey dad um Alice, Edward, and I have a project we need to do for health and I was wondering if I could go to their house after school if that's OK?" I asked, nervous of his reaction. Sometimes he can over react about the simplest things and it never ends well for me."Why so you can whore around with that boy? Your just like your mother always spreading your legs for anything with a dick you worthless little thing!" he started shouting as he got up and stalked toward me.I backed away from him 'till I felt the counter behind me then I wrapped my arms around me and shut my eyes waiting for the inevitable.Suddenly there was a stinging on left cheek where he slapped me. I gasped and cradled my face in my hand and felt the tears starting to form in my eyes. Then he grabbed me by the hair on the back of my head and threw me to the ground then immediately started kicking me in the ribs with his steal toed boots.After he was finally done he grabbed my hair again and yelled at me to stand up. When I was up he pushed me away with a disgusted grunt and said to me with venom in his voice "Yes you can go but only because it's for school. But if I find out you slept with that fucker I'll make sure neither of you can ever do it again. Do you understand?""Yes" I cried as I quickly left the room and ran up the stair slamming and locking the door as I sat down on my bed to calm the tears before I had to leave for school.Once I finally got the tears to stop I cleaned up my face, grabbed my bag and ran out the door to get into my yellow Jeep that my mom left me when she died.I made it to school in 20 minutes and when I looked at my watch I saw it was 7:45a.m. which means I had about fifteen minutes till class started. As I got out of my car I could really feel the damage those stupid boots did to my ribs. I knew bruises were going to form I just hope nothing was broken.I looked up and saw Emmett and Rose making out at one of the picnic tables sitting outside. I walked over and dropped my bag down on the table with force to let them know I was here but all the reaction I got was a sideways glare from Rose before she closed her eyes again and attacked Emmett's mouth again this time with more force. I just shrugged and pulled out my book to start reading waiting on the rest of the gang to get here.I loved all my friends; they are what help me go through the hell I call my life, even though most of them don't even know what hell I go through. Rosalie Hale has long blond hair that comes down to her hips, light blue eyes and is about 5'8" and is dating Emmett, who has black short hair, brown eyes and is 6'3" tall.Then there's Alice Cullen who is 5'5" with short black spiky hair and dark blue eyes and the shortest one in our group and is dating the tallest one Jasper Hale who's blond hair and blue eyes and is 6'.Then there's Alice's twin brother Edward. Sigh. I'm just going to come out and say it. I'm totally one-hundred percent in love with him. He is 6'1" with the most beautiful green eyes and long messy bronze hair that I just want to run my fingers through all the time. But sadly, he doesn't love me back. Who would anyways? I'm just this useless little thing. I'm not saying I'm ugly because I know I'm not but I'm just boring old me who no one is ever interested in.I was brought out of my musings by a hand being waved in front of my face"Hello? Anyone home up there?" Alice yelled at me as her and Jasper sat down."Huh? Oh yeah sorry just lost in thought again." I said shaking my head to come out of my daze."What about? Maybe a certain green eyed best friend?" Rose said as both her and Alice wiggled their eyebrows at me. They know about my crush on Edward and just love to pick on me about it. They keep insisting that he likes me too, but if that's true then why hasn't he ever said anything? I mean he's not shy about asking any other slut in school out.I'm simply not his type. I mean looking back at all the girls he's went out with I'm nothing like them so how does that not scream that I'm not his type.As if he jumped out of my head, Edward appears next to me with yet another slut and sits down next to me."Hey. What's up Bella?" sigh his voice is so dreamy. I get a shiver down my spine every time I hear it."Nothing much." I say but as I'm getting ready to ask him about his new conquest they all gasps."Bella what happened to your face?" Emmett asks'Oh shit' I thought. They saw the bruise starting to form around my eye."Oh nothing just kind of rolled over this morning and banged my face on the bedside table. Kind of had a wild dream and you know how I am about tossing on my sleep." I said not looking them in the eye praying they will drop it."OK just please be careful. I don't like it when you get hurt" Edward said giving me a kiss on the cheek right below where the bruise was starting to form. I blushed a little and smiled at him before looking back down and getting lost in thought again.Everyone turned back to their significant other and started talking while I secretly admired Edward wishing he would realize he loved me too.Then the warning bell rang signaling the beginning of school. We all got up and started gathering our stuff. As I was lifting my bag onto my shoulder a sharp pain shot through my side. I winced and grabbed my side not realizing that Edward was watching me"Are you OK Bella?"Shit "Yeah just bumped into my dresser. I'll be fine.""Are you sure? Can I please take a look just to be sure" He asked reaching to lift up my shirt"No!" I yelled taking a step back.Edward jumped back gave me a shocked look then turned around to look at his girlfriend gave her a confused look then turned back to me "OK, sorry just wanted to make sure you're OK. You always seem to have a new injury every day.""Ugh if you all are going to play lovey dove with each other than I'm out" Said Edward's current girlfriend.Edward didn't even acknowledge she spoke as he took a step towered me. "Bella, please tell me what's going on. You're starting to scare me. Every day you're wincing and grabbing your arm or side. Please tell me the truth.""I can't OK, I just can't if I told you... I just can't tell you OK. I love you Edward you're one of my best friends and you know I would tell you if I could but I can't OK. I have to get to class now. Bye" I said turning around and quickly walking away, not wanting him to see the tears.I made it to English just before the bell rang and headed to my usual seat in the back. As I was walking pass Tanya Denali, I looked down just in time to step over the bag she was pushing out with her foot to try and trip me. I rolled my eyes turned to look at her and said"Seriously you're still trying that? You know I avoid it every time so just give up." and I walk back to my seat before she had a chance to say anything. Just as she was getting ready to get up and come talk to me the teacher walked in.English and Algebra passed pretty quickly. My third period is gym and I have it with Edward and Emmett.As I went to change I noticed Edward and Emmett standing outside the man's changing room arguing about something. Then before I walked into the woman's changing room, as if they could feel my eyes on them, they both looked at me and Edward gave me a concerned look while Emmett looked sadly between the two of us.I turned around and walked into the changing room and ran right into Tanya."Eww! Get away from me you little bug" She yelled at me acting like she was wiping something disgusting off her bright pink gym top.I just rolled my eyes and walked pass her to change. I always wait till the last minute when almost everyone is gone so that I don't have to worry about anyone seeing the bruises.I changed quickly and walked out as we were getting into position to play volleyball. Just great I thought as I went to stand between Tanya and Edward.I looked to my left at Tanya first and she just gave me a dirty look then glanced pass my head at Edward and tried to flutter her eyes seductively but it looked more like she had something in her eye. I turned reluctantly to Edward and he was just looking at me with a sad look in his eyes.Coach Carson blew her whistle and I looked away from Edward just in time for the opposing team to serve the ball and it come flying right at me. I went to hit it back but as it got to me I got shoved from the left and fell right into Edward's arms. I looked up just as Tanya spiked the ball earning us a point.Edward helped me to stand up straight and as I righted myself I felt a sharp pain shoot through my side. Tanya must have shoved me where Charlie kicked me this morning, and I think she actually cracked a rib when she did. Damn it."Shit Tanya could you have pushed me a little harder, I think you cracked a rib, you stupid bitch." I said griping my side, trying to hold back the tears because it hurts so bad."Really Tanya? Coach, may I please take Bella to the nurse to make sure she's OK? She seems to be in a lot of pain" Edward asked pulling me close to help support me."Yeah just let me write you a note. And you, miss Denali, are to report to the principle. That was uncalled for and you may have seriously injured miss Swan." Coach Carson said as she walked off to write the nurses note, and a detention note for Tanya."Are you OK Bella? You are gripping your side pretty tight." Edward asked as he started walking us over to gather our things."Yeah I'll be fine, I'm used to it" I said and then froze as I realized what I said."What do you mean your use to it? Tanya's never done that to you before.""Nothing, forget I said anything." I said hoping he'd drop it.As he opened his mouth to say something else the coach came back handing us our excuse. Edward turned to me and said "This isn't over." as he wrapped his arm around me and we proceed to walk to the nurses office.We got to the nurses office and handed her our note. She turned to me and asked me what happened and for me to lift my shirt. Edward and I explained what happen as I lied down for her to examine me. I shut my eyes and my heart started pounding as she lifted up my shirt. I could tell they saw the bruises when they both gasped. I immediately sat up and pulled my shirt down. "Miss what happened? This seems worse than someone shoving you in the side." The nurse said."I'm fine OK. I just ran into my dresser this morning in a rush to get to the bathroom. It's fine. I didn't want to tell anyone because I knew you would over react. I'm sorry." I said lying through my teeth.I went to walk out of the room just as the bell rang for lunch but both the nurse and Edward went to stop me. I turned around gave them both death glares, daring them to stop me, and then proceed to walk out of school to my car. I really didn't feel like dealing with anymore today. I got in my car and headed home.Once I got home I saw that Charlie wasn't home and relief over took me as I realized I would be able to relax a little before he got home. I got out and headed straight up to my room and lied down on the bed and fell asleep.I was having an amazing dream about Edward when I was startled awake by a loud bang as Charlie slammed the front door shut. I looked over at my alarm clock to see that I had only been asleep for an hour and I shouldn't be home yet. I cringed as he yelled out my name and started stomping up the stairs to my room.A few seconds later the door flew open and Charlie came stomping up to my bed. He grabbed me by the arm and dragged me out of the bed and threw me to the ground."So why did the school call me asking me if you were OK and telling me that you looked like you had been kicked in the side? I thought you knew better than to show your bruises you little slut and now you'll pay." He yelled at me. Then he grabbed me by the hair and dragged me out of the room. I screamed and cried begging him to let me go but all I got for my efforts was a hard smack to the face. Once we reached the top of the stairs I felt relief because this meant he had to let me go, but it was short loved as I realized I wasn't going down on my feet."You'll learn never to do that shit again you worthless little whore." and then he tightened his grip on my hair and then literally threw my down the stairs by my hair.I fell down the stairs rolling and screaming as I went. Once I finally hit the ground I knew I'd broken my arm and possibly my leg and my ribs were definitely broken now, too. The last thing I remember was an angels voice that sounded like Edward's screaming at my dad before he came and grabbed my hand begging me to stay awake. Then the pain overtook me and everything went black.
