I am very excited to open up this "folder" of outtakes! Each chapter will be an outtake from one of the Tale Of Years stories- either an existing scene in another POV, or a behind-the-scenes scene (meaning a scene that was skipped over, or happened "off-stage" from Edward's POV).I would really like to have a lot of reader input for the ideas. I think this will be a fun way for everyone to pitch in and have a hand in the writing, and it can be my way of saying thank you to everyone who has been enjoying the Tale of Years along with me. I am having a blast with this series- the writing itself has been such a growing experience for me, but also the feedback and interest of everyone is always such an inspiration, and makes it really fun. THANK YOU! :) Here's some random ideas, just out the top of my head:-one or two Carlisle or Carlisle/Esme scenes while Edward was away in his rebellious years (like Carlisle reading the 1926 journal, or the Denali visit)-the scene when Carlisle almost goes off to kill Charles Evenson (okay this was technically before the Tale of Years, but it was referenced a couple times, plus I made it up anyway)-the Rosalie/Carlisle talk in 1936 (after the big fight)-an extra scene during the "slippery slope" time in 1927 when Edward is about to leave (possibly involving Margaret Weiss)-any random Emmett/Edward goofing around moment-Rosalie's Mother's Day letter to Esme in 1933-Carlisle's POV of Edward's return in 1931 -Edward's "detox" period after his return in 1931So let me know if one/two of those look especially good, or if you have another request. Even if you haven't been reviewing I would still love to hear from you. I can't promise when I'll officially begin writing in here, as I am still working on Tale of Years as well as another story. But hopefully before too long, especially for shorter scenes. You can submit the requests:-as a review on this story-as a PM to my inboxThanks for reading and please send me some ideas! :) And keep this story on your alerts, so you'll be aware when the outtakes are posted.
