The tale that I tell just couldn't be simpler,Enter the librarian and the stripper.He yearned for a day more nine to five,She dreamt one day of coming alive.Twas one night their paths did meet,They collided together in the street.Bloodied and broken she muffles a cry,They turn to each other and whisper goodbye.Tears they fell from her hospital bed,When news proclaimed the man was dead.It was then she knew her life would start.Cos inside her chest lay his heart. "Bella darling you don't have to do this" "Mom, please ..." Inside I was a bundle of nerves, my tummy twisted at the mere thought of how my day would unfold, and truth be told I had no idea if my presence was even going to be welcomed, should I stay in the shadows? The fear had gripped me and yet I felt compelled to be there, I had to do this and as much my mother protested in my heart I knew it was a a task that had to be done alone. I kissed her gently on the cheek as the cab blared from the street announcing its arrival as a flustered driver signalled in his own polite fashion for me to move my ass. "Have you took your meds?" "Mom stop fussing, I'm a big girl, yes yes I'm now a human tic tac machine, every pill popped, blood pressure recorded and yes I do have my pager and my bracelet is on ... see?" I shouldn't be hard on my mother, after all she has just had to deal with her daughter going through major heart surgery after smashing head long into a moving vehicle but she has wrapped me in cotton wool all my life and now as I take my first steps unafraid of the adventures of the future I have decided never to look back, never to shy away from the unknown, to just grab life and see where it takes me ...After all, that would mean his death meant nothing! That poor man, that beautifully tragic poor man! Blood spattered viciously across the dashboard as the metal twisted and contorted infusing the bumpers of both vehicles until they welded together, the weight of both vehicles constricting caused the flipping of my car, the windscreen didn't shatter until my car finally found new ground, and it was then I saw him. He looked straight at me as he fumbled with the seat belt. The stench of the dripping gasolene consumed my lungs as thick warm blood coated my throat creating an asphyxiational reaction, wretching and gagging a need for survival washed over me, grabbing at the door I opened my mouth to scream for help but as I turned I saw the stranger again, it was as if he had given up hope, he calmly lay there inside his twisted wreck and as our eyes met there seemed like a glint of a smile as his angelic face blurred from my vision. My memory is still incredibly hazy due the trauma but the doctors have assured me that in time all will return, I hope so. There is a surety that cannot escape my soul, as he lay there with that crooked smile he silently mouthed the word "sorry" to me. The importance of his last minutes upon this earth sparked the beginning of mine, to forget would be such a tragedy, his gift of compassion forever placed within my chest shall beat triumphantly in his memory, he will never be forgotten and as each day unfolds I can only pray my traumatic amnesia lessens to allow me to truly understand what happened that fateful night. Sitting in the back of the cab I knew I had to do this, this stranger said sorry to me before he left this earth, and now I had to say thank you to him for allowing me a life he had been so cruelly denied. Clutching my basket of flowers I took a deep breath "The cemetery please"
