Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight.AN:An author's note before the story? Yeah, I hate those too, but I had to post t before you read it. This is the sequel to Playing with Fire. Remember that one? It was a kink fest prompt where Edward cheats with Bella's sister Leah and Bella knew. In my fic Edward caught a STD and Bella gets back at him by sleeping with his brother? Ringing any bells now?Anywho this is the sequel since I felt like there was too much potential with their story not to revist it. If you want to take that journey again then come along. If not, then have a great day : )MSThe morning commute was always the same. The lanes were filled with cars traveling at a snail's pace all marching to their non important day. It was mind numbingly peaceful and tranquility was something that had been lacking in my life for a while now. I found myself breathing deep as I enjoyed the silence that surrounded me before going into the chaos of an over worked office. I told myself with each passing day that it all would stop, that I would forget and that was what was best for me.I was always wrong.It was in the stillness that Bella would haunt me.I would remember something about the woman who had left me seven years earlier. It would be something pointless, yet just enough to bring me to my knees.Today would be no different as I was assaulted with the memory of painting our bedroom the deep red that she insisted upon."The color red is associated with sex and desire." Bella announced with a firm nod of her head before looking at me with an impish grin. "We don't need that," I laughed as she shook her head me in defiance. I waited as she stuttered for a moment before finally speaking once more. "What if you stop wanting or loving me, Edward? I couldn't live with that, you know" she managed to say while looking down at the sheet she stood upon to protect the wood floor beneath her. She looked so vulnerable and seductive as she finally met my gaze after a long moment of silence. Her dark brown eyes were shadowed with doubt and it broke my heart. Bella had owned my heart for as far back as what I could remember. There was no one but her and I never understood why she couldn't see that."I'll always want you, Bella," I assured her as I dropped the paint brush on the tray to pull her to me. I let my hands trail over the curve of her hip as I held her to me."There will never be a time that I won't want or love you. Not ever. I promise you that," I whispered as I leaned down to brush my lips against hers. I could taste the bitterness of coffee and unnecessary doubt that flavored them. I wanted that doubt gone as I kissed her slowly, savoring the softness and heat that was purely my girl."Show me." It was a simple request that I was more than happy to comply. I pulled her down upon the paint splattered sheet, never breaking our kiss. I could hear her voice, soft and sweet, haunting me. It was always her telling me all she wanted was me, but that before it all fell apart.Before I fucked everything up.Before she left me while reminding me of my so called lie.What she didn't understand was that she was wrong.I didn't lie. I would want her forever. I would love her forever even if I didn't deserve her.AN:Thanks for reading!Not sure how many chapters this one will have. I have prewritten at this moment posted on my facebook group. Why come back to this Edward and Bella from Playing with Fire? Well, why not. Their story ended abruptly so why not explore it. For those willing to take this ride with me thanks and for those who don't that 's fine tooXoxoMamasutra
