A/N: Hi guys. This is a repost of my story A Fairy Tale Ending, but with less mistakes and I also took out the first few chapters that eveyone didn't like. I'm hoping to post at least every second week until life settles down. A huge thank you to katandjasper for all your support and help and also for beta'ing. I don't own anything TwilightBella's POVEvery little girl dreams of living a fairy tale life. Of meeting her prince charming and having the perfect wedding and living happily ever after. I used to be one of those girls and I did meet my prince charming, but my happily ever after turned into my worst nightmare.Let me start at the beginning. I used to live with my mom in Phoenix, but she remarried when I was 17 and I wanted the newlyweds to have some time to themselves and so I moved to Forks to live with my dad. Charlie was a lot like me, quite and reserved and we got on well, quickly establishing a routine.It was at school where I saw my prince charming and his equally as charming and beautiful family. At first he acted all weird and hot and cold, but he told me he just couldn't stay away and soon we started dating after I found out that him and his family were vampires, animal drinkers, but it didn't matter to me, by then I was fascinated and already in love with Edward.One day when there was a thunder storm we went to a clearing to play baseball, but three nomadic vampires heard them play and wanted to join, but they were human drinkers and the leader, James, was a tracker and thought it would be the perfect game to hunt me.He chased me all the way to Phoenix where he lured me away and ruffed me up pretty bad, but my vampire family showed up in time to save me and kill him. After that things went back to normal until the day I turned 18.Alice, Edward's sister, threw me a party, a party I didn't want and when I opened a gift I got a papercut causing Jasper, the newest to the animal diet, to lose control and lunge at me. Edward threw me back a little too hard and I fell into the table full of glass plates and a shard cut into my arm, causing more blood to flow and all the vampires except Carlisle, the vampire doctor, had to leave.Carlisle stitched me up and Edward drove me home once the smell of blood was cleared enough and three days later he led me into the woods to break up with me, but what he said shattered me so completely that I was catatonic for months.My friend Jacob Black, whom I found out later was a shape shifter, helped me heal, but then one day when I was looking for the meadow Edward used to take me too, Laurent showed up. He used to be a member of James' coven and he was looking for me as a favor for Victoria. She wanted revenge.At first the wolves were willing to protect me, but as more and more hikers were found drained of blood and more and more vampires, newborns, showed up they told me that I needed to leave Forks. That I was now seen as a threat and that I had one day to pack up and leave or they would personally deliver me to Victoria.I was shocked and infuriated by their actions, but I also understood. They were willing to sacrifice one human for the good of many. As I was packing Sam, the alpha, came to my house, telling me that he didn't agree with the tribe, but that he couldn't fight them. He helped me pack the last of my things and load them into my truck before handing me a wad of cash and wishing me good luck.With tears streaming down my eyes I drove out of Forks, not knowing where I was going, but then my cellphone rang. I didn't recognize the number, but when I answered I was shocked and grateful for the unexpected help."Bella, my name is Peter and I'm going to help you. I'm a vampire and have the gift to know things and my gift has told me that you will be important to us in the future and that I needed to keep you safe. Drive to Seattle, at the Majestic Inn hotel you will meet up with my lawyer. He will help you with everything you need to go underground for now. I will be in touch," the guy said hanging up before I could even reply.I was hesitant at first, but then thought what did I have to lose so I followed this Peter's instructions and true enough a lawyer, J. Jenks were waiting for me at the hotel with new identity documents and a new, reliable truck. He helped me load my things into the new truck before handing me an envelope and wishing me well he walked away.I got into the new truck and slowly opened the envelope. Inside was a whole lot of money and a new cellphone with instruction to destroy the old one and then to head out of Washington to a more sunny state. Again I thought what did I have to lose before tossing my old cellphone and setting off for a new destination where I hoped I would be safe and maybe someday I would find a new fairy tale.That was six years ago. I've never been able to settle in one place for very long. Somehow Victoria always managed to track me, no matter where I went or how I disguised myself, but Peter has always managed to warn me and get me away just in time. I would have never survived this long if it wasn't for him.Over time I have gotten used to this nomadic life and I was always ready to run, my bag always packed and the truck full of fuel. Over the last few months I have noticed a vampire following me, but somehow I knew he wasn't working for Victoria. He had so many opportunities to grab me, but he never did, he always just watched and when I moved on to the next town or city he would show up within a few days. He made me feel safe, a feeling I haven't felt since leaving Forks.It was on a cloudy day exactly six years after I left Forks that Peter phoned and told me to get to the airport as soon as possible. He told me that he had a ticket waiting for me and that it was time we finally meet. I was going to Texas.I was happy, yet nervous as I made my way from the plane when we landed in Texas, not really knowing what to expect, but knowing that I owed my life to Pete many times over. When I saw two red eyed vampires waiting by the baggage claim I wanted to turn around and run away, but it was too late, they've already spotted me and were making their way over to me.The guy was big, almost as big as Emmett, with blond hair and red eyes, a huge smile on his face. With him was a tiny female with long blonde hair and she smiled at me gently and I guessed this was Peter and his mate."Bella, we are so glad to finally meet you. I'm Peter and this is my mate Charlotte. Welcome to Texas," the guy said as he scooped me up into a bear hug..I giggled, feeling happy to finally meet my friends and knowing that they would keep me safe from Victoria if she ever showed up here, "Hi. It's nice to meet you. Thank you so much for all that you've done for me over the years.""You're welcome, Sugar. You are family now and family takes care of each other," Charlotte smiled pulling me into a gentle hug.We quickly got my bag and they led me over to a truck a lot like mine and we got in before Peter drove off to their ranch that he has told me about over the years and exhaustion caught up with me as I drifted off into the first peaceful sleep I've had in years.A/N: So was this better than the old version? Would love to hear what you think
