A/N: Her I am with a new story. I deleted all my other stories because I stopped writing and I apologize to anyone who read my other stories. But I am back and I will see this story to the end. This is a Bella/Emmett story but Bella isdamaged and confused, so she gets with other people before she opens her pretty brown eyes. I want to thank Project Team Beta and my Betas GetDrunkOnVictory and hammondgirl. Not much more to say, but thank you for reading. Enjoy!The rain poured down and ran in rivulets down the window. The clouds were black as ink, and lighting touched down its forked tongue in regular intervals. Emmett walked around his new townhouse making sure all the windows were closed. He was on his way back to the kitchen to make some tea when there was a loud knock on the door. He looked at the door momentarily, confused. He was not expecting anyone tonight. He walked over to the door and unlocked it. He pulled the door open and was surprised by what awaited him."Bella? What happened?"She had obviously been stuck in the rainstorm. Her hair was wet and clung to her face. Her outfit, which suggested she had been dressed up for some occasion, was soaked through. She had her arms wrapped around herself. Her eyeliner was smudged and her eyes red and puffy, indicating she'd been crying"That asshole didn't understand the word no. I told him that this wasn't going to work anymore and he lost it, Em." She sobbed.Emmett ushered her inside, trying to control his temper until he got the whole story."Come on, I'll get you some clothes. You must be freezing."Bella nodded and followed him to his room. He grabbed his smallest pair of sweats and sweatshirt he could find."You can change in here. Do you want some tea?"She nodded and he left her to get changed. He went to the kitchen and put the tea kettle on the stove. He was getting the cups ready when he heard a soft, sarcastic giggle behind him. He turned around and couldn't contain his chuckle. Bella looked adorable yet so small in his sweats. She had rolled the legs up several times, and the sleeves of the sweatshirt were rolled up too."I never realized how huge you were until I put your clothes on.""Well, we can't all be small and cute."She smiled at him, but it was so different from the one he loved from so long ago. He opened his mouth to speak, but the whistling of the tea kettle interrupted him. He made them both a cup and they went and sat down."I'm sorry it's so late.""You know you're welcome anytime, day or night. So, you tried to end it with him, and he was not happy about it?"She sighed and took a sip of her tea. She finally looked at Emmett with her chocolate brown eyes."Yes, I told him it was over. He said that we had already done that dance before so he was not going to allow me to break up with him. I again told him I was done, and then got up to leave. He grabbed my arm and made me sit back down. He threatened me, and I reminded him who my dad was. He backed off and I left."Emmett rubbed his face with his hands. "Jesus, Bella. Why do you keep picking these jerks?"Her face turned pink and he could see she was getting angry. "They act like nice guys in the beginning. Apparently I do something to turn them into jerks.""Don't do that. This is not your fault, Bells. Who was it?"Bella looked down and played with her fingers in her lap. "Felix," she mumbled.Emmett shot off the couch and started pacing. "What? Please tell me that it's not the same Felix that I had to throw out of your house two weeks ago, because he was going to hurt you.""He was drunk, and he would never have hurt me. He called a few days ago and said sorry. I went out with him and realized it was all bullshit, so I ended it. I think I'm done dating for awhile. I just wish I could find a guy like you, but they aren't looking for me.""I'm sure they are, but you haven't noticed. You have a thing for the bad boys.""Not always, Emmy. You weren't a bad boy. Even at six you were a sweetheart.""Well, we aren't dating, Bells. Regardless, do I need to do something about Felix?""No, Em. I don't want you getting in the middle of this." She took a sip of her tea and gave him a sideways glance."You'll tell me if he threatens or harasses you, right?"She nodded her head. "Yes, sir. I wouldn't want to deny you the chance of being the protector. Makes you grouchy, which makes you frown, and that's not good for your skin. Causes wrinkles." She smiled a huge smile up at him and even though she was mocking him, it made his heart melt. He just shook his head at her.They were silent as they both drank their tea. Emmett noticed Bella kept shooting sideways glances at him. "What? I see you keep looking at me, what's up?""Nothing." She shook her head and started biting her lip. He reached over and gently nudged her chin to look at him. He pulled her lip away from her teeth."What's up?"She sighed and her shoulders slumped in defeat. "I was just thinking, but it's really not a good idea, so forget about it.""We've been friends forever. Out with it."She was biting her lip again, and then looked at him shyly. "Well, I was just thinking, you know I can't afford to live on my own and I don't wanna mooch off Charlie anymore? Maybe we could live together. I was going to ask you before you moved in here but that happened out of nowhere.""You want to live with me?""I told you it wasn't a good idea."He shook his head. "No, I think it's a good idea."She looked surprised. "Really?"He bobbed his head, nodding. "Yeah, I'm leaving in a few months to go play with the Seahawks. Someone needs to take care of this place while I'm gone during the season. It'd be better than paying a stranger. I trust you, Bells.""Thanks, Em.""And you don't pay rent, unless I am staying here during the off season.""Em, I can't do that.""Yes, you can. You're doing me a favor, like I said; otherwise I'd have to hire someone to come by and clean, air it out, etc. Now when I come back it won't be a lifeless tomb.""Thanks, Emmett. I appreciate it."She gave him a large hug. He hugged her back, but had to break the hug soon because it was becoming hard to control himself. "Well, it's getting late. You should stay here, after all the guestroom is now your room." He gave her a charming smile, and she rolled her eyes and smiled back."I would love to, but these sweats are not a fashion statement I'm willing to make in daylight."Emmett chuckled. "Call Alice. She always jumps at the chance to dress you.""Yes, but I try to avoid that at all costs." She grabbed her phone, and had a short but animated conversation with Alice. "She won't be able to make it over until tomorrow morning. I have a feeling she's going to shop instead of pick something up from my house. These sweats are too hot, so do you have a tank top I can borrow?"Em tried really hard not to, but he had a visual of Bella in only his wife beater. He could see her long, slim legs and the sides of her full breasts. He shook it off and swallowed thickly. "Do you need shorts too?""No, your shirts are long enough on me to be a short dress." They both chuckled, and he got up carefully to go get her a tank top. She got up and went into the guestroom to get the bed ready. She knew it was weird but she had to have her pillows a certain way. Past boyfriends had made fun of her for that very thing. Emmett knocked on the open door."Hey, pillow lady, do you need some help?" he asked, knowing her arrangement by heart."No." She laid down the last pillow. "All done."Emmett handed her the shirt while sitting on her bed. She took it from him, crossed her arms, and looked at him. "What?" he asked innocently."I'm not changing in front of you."He jumped up from the bed, holding his hands up walking towards the door. "Jeez, a girl gets boobs and she's all 'I'm not getting naked in front of you anymore.' What's up with that?"Bella threw a pillow at him, but he dodged it. He stuck his tongue out at her, and then shut the door behind him. Bella smiled to herself. She got changed into the tank top, leaving the sweatpants on for the moment. She left her room, and went into the guest bathroom, finding a new, unopened toothbrush. She washed up, brushed her teeth, and started looking around for a comb or brush. She did not find one so she left the bathroom to find Emmett. When she turned from partially closing the door, she ran straight into Emmett's bare chest. She was almost knocked over by the impact. She couldn't help but stare at his chiseled pecs, and abs to die for."Uh..." she stuttered, having lost coherent speech.Emmett looked at her concerned when she had been quiet awhile. "Bells? You ok?"Her eyelids fluttered, and she blinked rapidly, looking up at Em's face. "B-b-brush.""What?"She shook her head. "I was looking for a brush.""Oh, yeah. I got one in my bathroom. You can go use it or I can get it for you.""No, I'll go use it." She turned to leave the room, but turned back. "Seriously, Em? Are we not gonna have a conversation about how your chest hypnotized me?"Emmett laughed. "I thought it would embarrass you," he stated, shrugging his shoulders."Yeah, but I did just ogle your man boobs.""Whoa, they are not boobs, one. And two, it's not the same as me staring at your chest.""That is kinda sexist. It's okay for me to stare at your chest, but it's not ok for you to stare at mine? That would be like saying you can stare at my vagina area, but I can't stare at your package.""Um...still processing you saying vagina so nonchalantly...Ok, I'm caught up and touch. So, where do you fall: all of it is ok to look at, or it's all bad?""I think it's all ok, as long as you're not making the gawkee uncomfortable.""I agree.""So, we're ok?""Right as rain."Bella smiled and went to go use his brush. Emmett sighed, and sat down. He still had a hard time getting used to grown up Bella. She'd been a "woman" for two years now, but he had been off at college for four years, only seeing Bella twice in person and from the neck up on several dozen Skype calls. When he graduated a semester early four months ago, he finally saw grown up Bella. She had long, sculpted legs, a flat stomach, and full breasts. He remembered tall, gangly, tomboy Bella. Back then, she was easy to relate to because it was like hanging out with his cousin Jasper or any other friend. Lately, it was hard, both literally and metaphorically, to hang out with her. She was gorgeous, no lying, but also her personality meshed so well with his. She could be calm and relaxed, but also snarky and sarcastic too. Em scrubbed his face with his hands. He was falling head over heels in love with his best friend and wanted her so badly. He needed to sleep, because he was exhausted and hoped a solution would come to him. Bella came out of his room, breaking him out of his thoughts."You ok? You look like you were thinking hard.""Yeah, I'm fine. I use my brain occasionally."Bella giggled and ruffled what little hair he had. "So, there is a brain up there. Was starting to wonder if your good looks were all you had."Emmett laughed and smiled, showing off his dimples."There they are," she said, poking one of his dimples with her finger. "Those dimples are your bread and butter, Mr. McCarty.""You love them, Swan, and you know it."She stood toe to toe with him, and smiled a sickly sweet smile. She slowly shook her head. "I'll never tell," she said in a sing song voice. She kissed him on the cheek and gave him a brief hug. "Night, Emmy bear."He rolled his eyes at her constant nickname for him. "Night, Bells. Sleep tight."She smiled at him again and went to her room, leaving the door open a little and shutting the light off. Emmett let out the breath he was holding and sighed. He went to his own room, leaving the door open. He closed his eyes, trying to put his hot roommate out of his mind for the night.Bella woke up to a feeling that she was being watched. She looked down and saw a pair of furry eyes watching her from the bottom of the bed. Bella looked at them confused. She knew Emmett didn't have a dog."Sherlock!" She heard an unfamiliar voice call, and the dog jumped up and jogged out of the room. Bella, beyond confused now, ran into the living room without regard to the fact all she was wearing was Em's tank top and her underwear. She stopped short upon entering, almost running into an end table. Emmett and some other guy were sitting on the couch playing a game. Emmett paused the game and looked at Bella, his eyes going wide. "Um, Bells. You're kinda missing some clothes."Emmett's friend turned around, and smiled when seeing Bella. "Bella. I've heard a lot about you. I'm-""Edward. Yeah, I remember you."Emmett looked confused. "You guys know each other?"Edward cocked his head. "I think I would remember a beautiful bod-err face like yours.""Oh, always the charmer. You wouldn't remember. You were hammered. I came to drive you and Em home from the bar, cause neither of you could drive.""Wow, that's kinda embarrassing."Bella just shook her head, and shrugged. She smiled at Edward, and he smiled back. She noticed he had the cutest crooked grin. She just stared at it.Emmett cleared his throat. "Alice brought your clothes earlier. I put the bag in your room.""Right. I should go put some clothes on." Bella ran to go get dressed.Edward smiled at Emmett. "So, that's her? I can sympathize with your situation. She's hot.""She was giving you the look too.""What look?""The he's hot; I wanna screw his brains out look.""Em, man. I would never do that to you. I'm not gonna lie, I want to, but...""No, I'm not gonna do that to her. It's not fair. If she seeks you out...just don't hurt her. She's been with enough assholes."Edward laughed in disbelief. "Wow, man, you really do love her."They heard Bella's door opening, ending their conversation. Bella came in, looking grumpy. She flopped down on the couch next to Em."Why you mad, Swan?" Edward asked."Alice," she growled, gesturing to her outfit."You look fine, Bells," Emmett assured her."Fucking skinny jeans, Em. Really?" Both of the boys just chuckled. "Why aren't you dressed Em?"Em looked down at his sweatpants and wife beater. "Should I be?""Yes, it's Saturday. Breakfast.""IHOP?""Right. I can't afford you at IHOP. Golden Corral."Emmett sighed and got up. "Alright. Be back." He headed to his room, shutting the door.Bella looked over to Edward. "So, who's this?" She looked at the dog.Edward reached down to pet the pit bull puppy lying calmly at his feet. "This is Sherlock. He's about four months.""Sherlock? Like Holmes, that Sherlock? There's gotta be a story there.""Yeah. Whenever I lose something, I talk to myself. "Where's my keys, where's my wallet." When he was six or seven weeks old, I would do that, and a minute or two later he'd come back with whatever was missing."Bella smiled and laughed. "Did you ever think that maybe he was hiding your stuff, and that's why it was lost?"Edward nodded. "I did, so one day I hid stuff around the house and did the same thing. He found it all," he said, smiling smugly."You seem kinda proud.""I totally am, but that's how he got his name.""What kind of pit bull is he?""He's a blue nose.""I love that he's brindle. He's so cute.""Yeah, he's also a huge flirt. That's why he was being a perv and watching you sleep."They both laughed. "So, how did you meet Emmett?""We went to high school together and hung out a few times, but lost touch when he went to Michigan. Anyways, when he was in Seattle after getting signed, he looked me up. I'm visiting with my parents during the summer, so we're hanging out.""Oh, you live in Seattle? What do you do there?""I'm actually in school still. Studying to be a doctor. This fall is the beginning of my last year in school. I get my PH.D then I have two years of residency.""Wow, what kind of doctor?""Pediatrician or an orthopedist." Bella looked impressed and nodded. Edward smiled. "So, what are you studying in school?""This fall is my last year as well. I'm getting my masters of arts in English."Edward looked he was going to ask her another question, but Emmett's door opened and he was dressed to go to breakfast."Hey, Em. You look good.""Aw, don't make me blush.""Well, I should probably get going.""Ed, man, you're not coming?" Em asked."I thought it was just a thing you two did.""No, we're meeting Ali and Jazz there," Bella added."Yeah, it's been forever since you've seen Ali cat." Em smiled.Edward still looked unsure. Em looked at Bella and nodded. Bella turned towards Edward with an adorable pout, and her big brown eyes looked sorrowful. "Please, Edward. You wouldn't want to hurt my feelings, would you?"Edward looked shocked. "No, I don't want to hurt your feelings," he said, panicked.Bella gave him a sweet smile. "Good, so you'll come."Edward nodded dumbly. Emmett and Bella laughed and she walked out of the room. "What just happened?""That's how she gets what she wants. Don't worry, all men, and some women, are powerless against it. Women are mind ninjas, and she is a professional."Edward shook his head. "I feel like my brain just got screwed." He and Emmett laughed together.Bella came back in the room with their coats. "Let's go.""What about Sherlock?""I blocked off a section of the living room for him with his toys. He is fine."With nothing further to argue, they left. When they got to Golden Corral, Alice was already waiting outside. Bella got out of Em's jeep and was tackled by the little pixie."Damn, Pix. Can't wait 'til you're alone to molest her," Emmett joked.Ali gave a sarcastic smile and punched him in the arm. She pulled her hand away, grimacing and shaking her hand. "Why you gotta flex?""Cause you hit hard. Nice to see you too, Sis." He picked her up in a big bear hug."Em, put me down or I will tell Dad." Em put her down, and murmured what sounded like "daddy's girl."Alice scoffed and linked arms with Bella. "Come on, Bellsy. Jazz is waiting." They all made their way inside, paid, and got their food. When they were all sitting down, Alice noticed Edward. "And who are you? Bella, is he a new friend of yours?"Emmett, Edward, and Bella all laughed. "Well, I did almost see her naked in Em's living room this morning."Alice cocked her head to the side, looking confused. Bella giggled again. "Alice," she said exasperated. "It's Edward.""Holy shit!" she exclaimed, gaining notice from other customers. "Sorry, just wow. Six years has done you well."Edward smiled awkwardly, and Alice continued to stare at him. Jazz cleared his throat loudly. Alice was startled out of her trance. "Jazz! This is my boyfriend, Jasper. You two have met of course.""Yeah, we've hung out a few times over the years.""So, Bella. You were still in Mt. Vernon when Edward was matriculating at Bellingham's finest. Is this your first time meeting?""For me it is. I guess I was drunk last time we were face to face," Edward explained."How unfortunate," Alice chirped."Well, the mistake has been rectified. I will absolutely remember you next time, Bella."Bella blushed and ducked behind her hair, feigning a sudden interest in her plate. Edward was smiling that crooked smile, Em was next to him with those dimples that really should be illegal. Bella gave Em a small smile. He stuck his tongue out and made a funny face. Bella laughed harder than she had in a long time. Edward, Alice, and Jasper caught Em's face. Edward and Jasper chuckled, while Alice just rolled her eyes and smiled. They all sat around catching up, when sadly Em broke the party up. He and Edward had plans, while Bella had packing to do.Before they all left, Edward pulled Bella aside. "Hey. I just wanted to give you this, in case you wanted to talk sometime." He handed her a piece of paper with a number written on it."Thanks, Edward. It was nice meeting you.""You, too. Bye, Bellsy," he said, adopting Alice's nickname for her. He gave her a crooked smile, and walked away.Em came over and gave her the customary bear hug. "You sure you don't wanna wait 'til we're done, so we can help?""Yes, I don't have much stuff. It'll be fine, Em.""Alright. I'll see you later, Bells. Call me if you need anything. Later."They gave each other a brief hug and Bella jumped in Alice's car, watching Em walk away.A/N: Just an introductory chapter. Hope you enjoyed it. Leave some love below. Laters. 
