Disclaimer: I don't own the characters but I do the plots (This is from my old account Sami-Jay-x-MetalHead-x).A/N: This is a revised, longer version of the old This Afternoon. It is no longer a oneshot but a multi-chapter fic. Thank you all for following me already.I am in the process of creating outfits for this fanfic. They should be up with in the week and the other chapters will either be up today or tomorrow as I have already done three other chapters :)Please enjoy the works of my imagination with the characters Stephanie has gifted us.It was the middle of spring break and Jasper Whitlock and his three best friends were all lazing around in Jasper's living room. Emmett McCarty and Jacob Black were versing Jasper in WWE 2K14 whilst Edward Mason was playing on his laptop, doing god-knows what. Half through one of the game Emmett paused it and looked at Jasper, a crazy smile on his face, which caused his opponents to glare at him."Emmett! What the actual fuck bro!" Jasper growled at him, seeing as he was kick their asses and was winning his bet with Edward."You know how we are the most popular guys in High School," he started and all three let out a annoyed "yes", Emmett continued, "so why don't we have a party? I mean we could have it anywhere or whatever," he said shrugging his shoulders a smirk still present on his face however."Emmy, if it wasn't gay, I would kiss you!" Jasper laughed, causing Emmett to raise his eyebrows like he was accepting the challenge of being kissed by his best friend."Get a room, we don't need to see the Jaspmett stuff going on." Jacob laughed, causing Jasper to push him over from his sitting position on the floor by the couch."Guys, where is Alec?" Edward randomly asked as the others were all wrestling on the floor. Just as they broke apart they heard the door open and they dived apart, afraid it would have been Jasper's parents, who absolutely hated fighting in the house."Hello?!" they heard Alec shouting as he closed the door and taking off his coat and shoes."In here, fucker!" Jasper shouted as he jumped back on to Emmett's back and tried to wrestle the big lump to the floor, but he was failing, Emmett was the greatest wrestler the school had ever had, and he played for the football team too, whilst Jasper was just a baseball player, Edward was the same and so was Alec. Jacob played for the football and soccer team - and they were the star players.Alec and Jasper were different from the rest of their best friends. Edward, Emmett and Jacob had all grown up in Forks, whilst Alec was originally from Italy and Jasper, Texas."Alec, what has my mum told you about the state of your room?" Jasper asked before Alec's arse touched the seat."I had to keep it tidy," he said, a frown on his face, which deepened when he realised why Jasper had said it. "Fine." and he walked off upstairs, ranting in Italian about how much of a douche Jasper was. The others just watched him walk upstairs and started to laugh when they heard his door close."Okay, we need to organise this party." Jacob said once everyone had calmed down."How about we have it tonight? My parents won't be back for another few days and as long as nothing is broke we are fine.""Sure! We all pretty much have everyone's number and we can always tweet about it." Emmett inputted, and then shared a fist bump with Jasper over his suggestion."Okay, whilst I lock away the valuables, I want you three to tweet that there is a party here, tonight - but we need a time? Roughly 7pm?" The others nodded and said it was fine, "We need to fill Alec in too. And once that's all done, lets go get some alcohol and food. Emmy, will your dad be willing to buy us the alcohol?" Emmett thought about it and nodded."Okay guys, get too it! We don't have much time!" Jasper said jumping up from his spot on the couch and running around the living room, locking the cupboard doors/draws. He grabbed the 2 vases and put them in his parents room, locking the door behind him, he then cleaned the kitchen ready for when the food was to be placed out on the counter and he grabbed some more spare blankets from the airing cupboard for if there were any guest crashing on the floor/couch."Alright, the tweets have been sent, and we have had quite a few replies all ready." whilst that was being said Alec jumped on Emmett's back and said, "What am I missing out on?" causing everyone to laugh, even Edward. "Check your Twitter." Was all that was said before the others went to the front door, and started to put on their shoes and jackets."Awesome!" was all they heard from Alec before he was putting his shoes back on and grabbing his jacket, running out of the house towards his car."Alec! Wait! We need to split into teams. I want you, Edward and Jacob to go to the grocery store and pick up a shit tonne of junk food, finger food and any party food that you can find, and then bring it back here. I'm not sure what kind of CD's are here, so bring your own too and then you can just chill here and get ready? Is that cool? Whilst Emmy and I go speak to his dad about getting us some booze." Everyone nodded and dived into cars, their own separate ones for Alec, Edward and Jacob, depending on how much food that they bought and for Emmett and Jasper they jumped into Emmett's huge jeep and drove off to his house, which was the otherside of Forks.Jasper and Emmett arrived at Emmett's house five minutes later, after having taken the back roads. They walked straight into the house, after kicking off their shoes on the front porch. Emmett lived in an old appearing house, on the outside it was a 19th Century house, a rather large porch which went all the way around the house and a portico above, circuling the second floor. Appearances however were definitely deceiving. The interior of Emmett's house was a major contrast to the outside, everything was new, modern and very technical; there was no remnant of the past inside the house, unless you count the structure.The boys found Mr. Garrett McCarty in the living room of the old yet modern house. He looked up when he heard them enter the room."Hey boys," he smiled warmly at them. Garrett McCarty was one of the leading figures in the town, not only was he owner of a few of the stores in the town but he was the Deputy Mayor under Jasper's father, Peter Whitlock. "What can I do for you this fine afternoon?" he smiled at them, pausing the television on whatever film he was watching."Dad, we need some alcohol." Emmett said quietly to his father, looking at the floor."Where is the party? Who's hosting? How many people are going to be there? What alcohol do you want?" he shot out quickly, causing both boys to take a step back."At mine, Garrett. Me, Emmett, Edward, Jacob and Alec are hosting. A few and whatever you can get us." Jasper calmly replied, and Emmett was mentally thanking whoever was up there for Jasper's intervention."Oh, okay, sure. You boys want to come with me?" Garrett's reaction shocked the two as they both had expected him to have a dicky-fit but low and behold he didn't."Thanks dad," Emmett said as Jasper said, "Thanks Garrett." and they both waited for Garrett to get changed before they went to the liquor store to pick up beer and spirits.Whilst on the otherside of town, the others were all running around Wal-mart trying to find the best party food; picking up a lot of doritos, salsa dips, pizzas, chocolate, sweets, plastic cups (so as to not ruin the good ones in Jasper's house) and some bottles of soda, mainly Cola."Is this everything?" Jacob asked. "Well if they want anything else, the bitches can order their own food - or just go without," Alec laughed, Edward agreed with him, as he felt like they shouldn't supply food for the guests when they could just order out, and get a mass amount of pizzas delievered from Dominoes in Port Angeles."Come on, we should get back, I need to run home first and I'd rather not arrive home with food in the trunk. Anyway this stuff needs to go in the freezer, so then it can be cooked later." Alec said as they climbed into their individual cars and drove back to the Whitlock house. When they arrived they found Jasper, Emmett and Garrett unloading a few crates of beer into the house."You need any help Jay?" Alec shouts as he runs into the house to place the shopping bags on the counter in the kitchen before running back out to Emmett's jeep and grabbing the a crate of spirits."Jesus, how much alcohol did you buy?!" Jacob asks as he also grabbed a crate full of spirits, walking slowly into the house, careful not to drop the heavy object in his arms."Quite a bit. Thanks boys for helping to bring them in." Garrett said to the boys before placing the last two crates on to the floor next to the others, he then turned to Emmett and said, "Emmy, you're going to have to take me home, thanks son." he smiled before he said his goodbyes and tapped Jasper on the back, walking out of the house. As he walked out of the door there was a chorus of "byes!" from the boys."I'll be back in a bit, to help set up. See you later Jay." Emmett said before he fist bumped the others and went out to the jeep with his father waiting patiently inside."So guys, ya'll can go home to get ready, just be sure the be here for about six thirty, see you tonight," Jasper said before he saw his best friends out of the house.It was roughly six pm when Emmett arrived at Jasper's house, to find Jasper having a nap. The food still in the freezer."Jay. You have to wake up, now. Its an hour to go." Emmett said as he laid down next to his sleeping best friend."Hey, Emmy, what time is it?" Jasper asked, rolling over to face him. Emmett rummaged around in his pocket to find his phone. "Its just after six. Come on get your white ass up, we have to start getting ready. The guys will be here in half hour." Emmett stood up and held his hand out to his oldest and closest friend, even if his dad wasn't the Deputy Mayor he knew that he and Jasper would have been friends.Jasper jumped out of the bed, running into his bathroom and did everything he had to do; shower, use the toilet and brush his teeth. When he walked back into his room Emmett was sat on his bed all dressed."You looking fine!" Jasper whistled at his best friend, smiling at him. Jasper knew Emmett had confidence issues (which to any normal person would seem ridiculous as he was the star football player but he did) and he was trying to help his best friend see that his issues were not needed."Shut up Jay," he laughed, leaving the room to allow Jasper to get changed. Jasper emerged from his room, fully dressed, a few minutes later. His curly mop of hair was even brushed out of his eyes."Okay, I've put the pizza's in and they should be done with fifteen minutes to spare, so they can be cut up and placed on a surface. We need to sort out the beer keg, I don't fancy picking up bottles or cans in the morning." Emmett laughed whilst Jasper nodded.Emmett had just dragged the keg from the garage when the others walked in, Alec leading them in. "I am so stoked for tonight!" he jeered, causing the others to hollered out an agreement.Jacob ended up getting roped into sorting out the beer kegs with Emmett - lifting them on the counter after filling them with the cans of beer that Garrett had bought them, whilst Edward and Alec had to sort out the food - not that they expected much of it to be eaten, though it was a courteous offer. Jasper was left to make sure the family valuables were safely locked away, including the fine china and the tumblers of his fathers whiskey, and that the music was set up."Jay, two minutes!" Emmett shouted from in the kitchen, causing everyone to jump and start sorting themselves out, mostly pulling down their tops or shirts and in Jasper's case brush his curly bangs out of his eyes. "Dude, you need a hair cut," Jacob laughed as he watched his Texan friend move his hair out of his eyes for the tenth time since he had been there from six thirty."Seven pm! Go!" Emmett yelled as he ran towards the front door, pulling it open and nearly got stampeeded from the amount of people waiting to get in. The crowd rushed in, excited babbling noises coming from all of their mouths and all in awe of his house as no one but necessary people had ever been inside the Mayors house before.
