My Precious.Chapter 1:Emmett POV:As I sat in the boring conference, my mind wavered towards my beautiful wife, the love of my life. Hey! It rhymed!Rosalie was 8 months pregnant with my baby. I still can't believe it; I'm going to be a father! The ultrasound technician told that we were having a baby girl. I'll have to admit, a few tears of joy escaped my eyes when we received such wonderful news. I swore that day that my baby girl was going to be the most spoilt kid in the world. This little miracle wasn't born yet, and still she had me wrapped around her little finger. I know she was going to be very beautiful, with my beautiful Rosie being the mother. Motherhood suited Rose. She looked ultra sexy with the maternal glow she had these days. God, this woman would be the death of me.I remembered suddenly that I was going to leave my office early today to spend some quality time with my wife and our child, just the three of us. Rose and Alice had gone shopping for some additional baby items, as if the ones that we received during her baby shower were not sufficient. Esme and Carlisle, Rosalie's parents, were so excited to become grandparents that they almost bought an entire store of baby supplies for us. My parents were killed a few years ago in a car crash. I'm sure they would have loved RosalieJasper and I were best friend since birth. We both grew up in the tiny town of Forks, and together we set up our own business in New York. His wife Alice was a perky pixie, and she and Rosalie always behaved like long lost sisters. It was amazing that both of our better halves got along extremely well since the first day. We all four lived very close to each other in New York, and have always remained as a close-knit group from times immemorial.Ring ring ringMy phone began to ring, shaking me from my stupor. I saw the caller-id. 'Alice' flashed across the screen of my sleek phone."Excuse me gentlemen, I need to take this call. It's urgent." I said, and hurried out of the room."Em emm Emmett!" I heard Alice's panicking voice on the line."Alice? What it is? Is Rosalie all right? How is the baby? What's wrong!" I started to picture the worst-case scenario in my mind."Emmett, Rosalie and I were strolling for baby dresses when suddenly her water broke. We are on our way to John Hopkins; it's the nearest hospital. Come ASAP!" She screeched."Ok Alice, please take care of my Rose, she is my everything. I'll call Esme and Carlisle, and I'll also inform Jasper. Can you give the phone to Rose?" I heard some shuffling in the background."Emmett it hurts so much. Please babe, I need y- Ahhhhh!" Rosalie yelled loudly."I'm coming Rosalie, just take deep breaths. Everything will be all right. Our baby will come today Rose, just have the patience. Bye, my love." I cut the phone and shoved it down my pocket."Felix, get the car. Head to John Hopkins! Also get the baby bag!" I then raced to the conference hall. I swung open the doors, only to have everyone looking at me intently."Guys, my wife went into Labor!" Cheers erupted in the room, as my colleagues along with Jasper wished me luck."Let's go Emmett, what are we waiting for?" Jasper said, and began dragging me to the lift. We entered the lift, and I began jamming the ground level button, in vain hope that it would make the lift to go much faster. When the doors dinged open, I ran towards the car like a madman, having a crazed smile on my face. Felix held the door open, with his other arm holding out the baby bag. Jasper and I got into the car, and soon Felix floored the car.I was growing impatient with every passing second. How was Rose holding up? is the baby going to be all right? She was going to be born premature by around 3 weeks, so it wasn't much of a danger. Yet I don't want to take any chances when it comes to my baby girl. I prayed to god that there wont be any complications, and Rose and I ad been trying for a child since a very long time. We soon reached the hospital. I ran to the reception, with Jasper trailing behind me. I spotted a young woman behind the desk."Excuse me ma'am. Rosalie Cullen McCarthy. Can you tell me her room number?" I asked the receptionist."Yes sir, please head over to room number 402. All the best Mr. McCarthy!" she told me kindly. Without a second thought, I headed over to the room, where the love of my life was going to give birth to my beautiful daughter. Hold on Rosie here I come.Rosalie POV:Pain.The contractions started to strike me more frequently, and I gripped the bed sheets in one hand, while I grasped my best friend Alice's hand in the other. She smoothened out my hair as a consolation. I needed my husband right now more than anything."Are you sure Emmett is on his way, Alice?" I asked her."I'm sure Rose. He sounded pretty excited o the phone.""Excited my ass. He isn't in my position. Oww!" I gritted my teeth as another contraction struck me. Suddenly, the door flung open, and my husband came into view, with Jasper behind him. Emmett immediately rushed to my side, and grabbed my hands in his warm ones. He rubbed soothing circles into the back of my hand with his thumbs. His presence made the pain almost-bearable. He bent down, and kissed my clammy forehead. His warm breath tickled my skin, and I closed my eyes to savor the feeling."Babe, it's going to be all right. We will go through this together, hmm?""Oh Em! I'm scared!""Scared about what Rose? Our baby is going to be healthy. We have some of the mot professional doctors who are going to aid you in your delivery. I'm going to be at your side. You have nothing to be worried about, babe." He kissed my lips, and stroked my cheeks with his thumbs. Suddenly I felt an overwhelming urge to push.A doctor wearing latex gloves came and bent below my sheets to take my measurements."10 centimeters dilated. Miss McCarthy, be ready to push! On the count of three. 1 2 3 PUSH!""Ahhhhh!" I panted loudly as I pushed with everything I had. Emmett kept murmuring words of encouragement, while Alice held my hands. Jasper and my parents were waiting outside."Very well, Miss McCarthy! Just a few more pushes, you can do it!" the doctor said. I pushed again, and then again, and then again."The last and final push"And then, I heard the most melodic sound in my life. The cries of my baby."Congrats Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy, you have a beautiful baby girl!"A nurse went and cleaned up our daughter. In a matter of minutes, she arrived with our bundle of joy, who was wrapped in a pink blanket. I took her in my arms. Mom, dad and Jasper entered at the same time. I looked at my daughter carefully.She had a round, cherubic face, with skin as pure as snow, and it looked like peaches and cream. Her cheeks were covered with a soft pink tinge. She had a very cute button nose, and had full, pouty pink lips. But her eyes were the most striking feature. She had amazing wide doe eyes, which were a warm, melting chocolate brown in color, but with specks of my icy-blue eyes."My little nudger, my baby girl, momma loves you so much!" Tears streaked my cheeks, and I handed her to Emmett. Emmett took our child from my hands, and he appeared to be in a trance.Emmett POV:My daughter had to be the prettiest baby in the world. She was going to be a heartbreaker. Once she opened her eyes and looked at me, she had me at her feet. I loved her with everything I had. I will be her confidant, her protector, her father, I'll be everything she needs."Hello Missy! Yes, you! No dating for you until the age of 30. No short skirts, no clubs!" I declared."But Emmett" Alice and Rosalie began to pout."If any guy breaks her heart, I will tear them apart, limb by limb! I love you so much, my baby girl. So much that you'll never understand." I said, while looking into those mesmerizing eyes of her. I passed around my daughter to Esme and Carlisle, who simply looked at her with adoring eyes. No one could resist the charm of my baby. After a trip around the room, she ended up in Jasper's arms, who held her carefully."Hello pretty baby" He cooed. "I am your Uncle Jasper. We are going to have so much fun together! I'll take you to eat ice creams and chocolates and all that you want. You will be the most spoilt niece in history." Saying so, he kissed her forehead. I turned towards Rosalie, who was looking at them with tears in her eyes, and a beautiful smile on her face."My beautiful Rose, thank you. Thank you so much for giving me such a beautiful and healthy baby girl. I love you Rosalie Cullen McCarthy. So much." With that, I pulled her into a passionate kiss. Warmth spread throughout my body."So, what will you name her?" Esme asked. I turned towards Rosalie we had already decided a name for our little girl."Isabella. Isabella Marie McCarthy." Rosalie said."Isabella we can call her Bella for short. A beautiful name for a beautiful child." Carlisle said while looking at his granddaughter with adoring eyes.My daughter, my baby Isabella, welcome to the world. May you live a long, wonderful, healthy and happy life. I'll always love you baby girl. If anyone even thought about hurting you, then they will have to go through torture in the hands of Emmett McCarthy.A/N: WHOPPIE! R&R;Let me know if I should continue, or leave it as a one shot. If I am to continue, then it will definitely be a BxE, unless someone suggests me some other pair. So what are you waiting for? Review like a madman! (just kidding).
