"Swan checking in.""Bella, he's not hard to spot." Rosalie commented into the earpiece. "He probably has scotch in his hand and two blondes clinging onto him."I scanned the place and snorted. "Not hard to spot, my arse." I told her. "There's about twelve men with scotch and two blondes. Please tell me you have a better description of him.""I'm looking through the files, honey. You'll have to wait.""Waiting is what keeps us from getting what we need." I snapped into the small circular speaker attached to my gold bangles. "Hurry up." I scanned the place one more time and flicked my mahogany brown straight hair to the left shoulder and headed to the bar. "One virgin martini, please." I told the bartender who gave me a strange look, but complied. He made my drink in ten seconds flat and slipped in a tiny umbrella at the rim of the martini glass before handing it to me."Ooh, thanks." I smiled and took out the little umbrella from the glass, twirling it around my fingers as I took a sip of my drink."Okay, I got it all right here." Rosalie finally announced. "He's twenty-one. Bronze hair, green eyes. Prefers poker. Does that help?""Definitely." I replied. I scanned the room thoroughly for the third time and raised my eyebrows. "You're kidding.""I kid you not, Swan." I could literally hear her smirk through the earpiece. "If he recites poetry, I'm totally banging him.""You have Emmett anyways, so no. Target's name?" I asked."Weren't you supposed to read the file before going out into the field?" She groaned."I'm sorry, I was busy with another mission if you don't remember." I sarcastically said."Edward Anthony Masen Cullen. Prefers to be called Edward." Rose informed. "Adopted grandson and successor to Edward Sr., leader of the Cullen family. You know what that family does for a living, don't you?""Yeah. Is he gay?" I asked."Okay, to be honest, I think he is." She giggled. "I mean, seriously! He's seriously good-looking and he has two blondes by his side. Don't you think that's further proof?""Well, dang." I muttered. "Why is every hot guy either taken, gay or an asshole?""How the hell would I know? And what would you label the guys at SIGO?""Assholes. They're hot but unfortunately they're assholes." I sighed. "Okay. No time for talk now."The casino was packed with gamblers and models looking for sugar-daddies to hook their claws deep into. I made sure my hair was neat and silky and that my silk royal blue long-sleeved high-slit dress was in order. With my virgin martini in hand, I walked over to the poker table where my target was. I took a seat across him, watching the poker table closely as the game played on. I glanced at Edward Cullen where one of the blondes that was by his side stood, dipping her hand down his chest but he didn't look flustered as he continued watching the poker dealer as he passed out the cards again."Yep. Definitely gay." I chuckled under my breath as I adjusted the chunky emerald necklace I wore. She laughed along too from probably the surveillance room in the casino as she watched the surveillance cameras. I took a drag of my martini and looked at him again only to find him staring at me. I ignored his gaze and leaned forward on the table."Swan, finish your drink." Rosalie suggested. "By the way he's staring, he might buy you a drink to catch your attention."I went along with her suggestion and drained my glass in one go. True enough, he called the waiter nearest to the table and whispered some words into his ear as he placed a bill into the waiter's hand. The waiter walked away and in a minute, someone tapped my shoulder. My head snapped up."Miss," the same waiter who approached Edward just now stood behind me with a glass of martini which was probably an alcoholic one. "Compliments from Mr. Cullen.""Tell him that I don't drink alcohol." I replied. The waiter nodded and went to Edward to pass him the message. As the waiter passed the message on, Edward's forehead crumpled up in annoyance.I knew what Rosalie was gonna tell me, so I quickly explained to her before she went on to ask. "It's alcoholic. He didn't know my martini was a virgin one.""And you're trying to play hard, aren't you?" She pointed out. "Nice.""I'm underaged, dumbass. Aunt Siobhan would have my head. You're supposed to watch out for me anyways." I whispered low enough so that no one else but Rosalie could hear. "I'm only sixteen and I'm still responsible when I go undercover.""Whatever. Focus on the job. He's staring again.""Whatever I do, don't question." I told her when I finally had something in mind.When the round of poker ended, I stood up from my seat and walked over to the bar."Is he following me?" I asked Rosalie."Yeah." she replied as I heard her type into her laptop. "Whatever you're doing, hope your plan works because you tell me certain stuff that only relates to me and the rest is all suddenly a secret. How am I supposed to do my job if you don't tell me the whole plan?""Oh shut up and stop being such a crybaby." I rolled my eyes. I took a seat at the bar and ordered a virgin mojito.I saw that Edward took a seat beside me and he gave a panty-dropping smile. "What's your name, beautiful?""Lexi." I lied, holding my hand out for him to shake. "Pleasure to meet you.""If it is, then why did you refuse the drink?" He asked."It's alcoholic. I don't drink alcohol." I told him quickly. "Like the drink I'm drinking now. It's a virgin."He leaned in when he tucked a stray strand of my hair behind my ear. "It may be a sweet innocent mojito, but I know that the lady drinking it is a naughty sexy seductress." He whispered.I laughed. "Whoa, tiger. You only asked me why I turned your drink down and then you're inviting me to bed?"He smirked, pulling away from me. "Why wouldn't I?"I pondered over it and then took on his offer. "Fine." I just said and he stood up, his hand out. I took it and he led me down the hallway of the casino that held the elevator up to the hotel. Once the elevator doors closed behind us and he pressed the floor button, he grabbed me by the waist and his lips met mine. His kiss was rough but his lips were soft. He tasted intoxicating, like scotch, mint and cigarettes. I pulled him closer by his shoulders and opened my mouth willingly as his tongue seeked it out. I was getting hooked quickly.He started peppering kisses down my jaw to my neck. I moaned. "I can't help but ask this," he whispered in my ear before continuing what he was doing, "how old are you? You don't seem old enough to be in a casino.""Nineteen." I lied again. "You won't tell on me, would you?""Never. I promise." He bit my earlobe and my grip on him tightened. "You taste good.""Thanks," came out my sarcastic reply, but it didn't really sound sarcastic.When the elevator reached the floor Edward's room was, he carried me to his room as if I didn't weigh a kilogram at all. I wrapped my legs around his waist and ground myself against him. "Fuck, baby." He hissed, thrusting slightly against me. "You're killing me."And while that sentence was a metaphor, I took it seriously and I was going to kill him when I got what I wanted no matter how gorgeous he was. "Soon," I moaned. When we gained entrance into his suite, he brought me into the bedroom where we continued making out. I started removing his blazer as we kissed and fumbled with the buttons as I attempted to remove his shirt."Bella, stay focus." Rose started talking. "As much as I would like to drool over his abs, I think that you should be looking for the document now. I know you can't talk right now, but I know where it is. He's quite the paranoid guy, so it's under his bed pillow."I kissed down Edward's chest and abs and he groaned, his abs clenching under my touch. I unzipped his fly and tugged down his pants a little with his boxers. "Shit," he snarled out when I grabbed his cock and his hand held my thigh close to where my 22 caliber gun was kept. I removed my thong and eased himself into me. I moaned as he filled me up nicely. I leaned forward and devoured his mouth as I rode him hard and fast. I clenched my walls around him and he hissed. "Fuck."He unzipped the back of my dress halfway and removed me from the top of the dress. He unhooked my bra and latched his mouth on my nipple. I arched and rode him harder. With one hand on his head to keep him at my breasts, I reached for under the pillow to grab the document he kept. I felt paper under it and I took it out slowly. I removed my hand from the document for awhile and felt the side of his waist with my hands. He hid his gun on his right. I didn't even feel it there just now.With his hand so close to my gun, I held his waist just in case he wanted to try anything funny. He then sucked on my other nipple and I lost myself for a second there. I refocused and immediately snatched up the document. I felt my gun slip out of its carrier on my thigh and grabbed his gun from the side of his waist. I sat straight up on him and pointed his own gun at him as he pointed my gun at me, eyes fixated on my face."You thought that I didn't know what you were thinking, did you?" He snapped."Probably. Probably not. Your choice." I shrugged indifferently."I never lose focus." He glared."Oh really?" I challenged, raising my eyebrows. I clenched my walls around his cock and he groaned out. "I love it when I prove someone wrong." I told him. "I'm in charge here, baby. No use of pointing my own gun at me. Give it back.""I won't." He said."Alright. Fine. Your choice." I shrugged again and rode him slowly at my own pace and I swiveled, making him moan. When I needed more, I rocked faster and faster until I could feel him cum inside me. I needed my own release, so I rode him faster until I finally orgasmed. I got off him and wore on my bra and the top of my dress again before grabbing a clean pair of his boxers from the drawer and wearing it to compensate for my drenched thong.I walked over to him and planted a kiss on his lips. "Thanks babe. You just made it up on top of my interrogation experiences list." I told him.He pulled me closer to him unexpectedly and his gun was pressing against my skin at the small of my back. "Give me back the file." He hissed."I can't. It's important to me too." I said."How about another round?" He bit my shoulder softly and I moaned."No can do," I replied. If we went for another round, I don't think I could make it out of the place in time and he'd take advantage of that to snatch back to document."Then you've got to give the file back."My gun dug into the back of his head. "No.""Now.""I don't think so." I snarled. "You're not that smart, are you? Luring a spy into bed isn't the best way to stay out of trouble." I pulled away from him and continued pointing my gun at him until I was out of the hotel suite.I straightened my dress and walked quickly. "Mission completed. Rose, meet me outside." I told her. "His men are probably searching for me now.""Hot damn, Bella. Well, I had to stay away from the headphones as far as possible. You guys were making seriously loud sex sounds." She muttered."Sorry dude." I laughed. "Well, if I ever see him again, I'm screwed."Hey there. Well, it's a new story and two ideas that I thought up, but I decided to mash it up and see what happens. Review, guys! It'd mean so much to me. Thanks.Scarlett
