"Speaking of freaks, look at what just walked in." Audrey Walker snorted."She is such a dork," her best friend, Vivian Jones, replied."Well she certainly isn't as sexy as you," Paul Lahote purred at the girl sitting on top of his lap.Kim glared at them from Jared's side. "Hey! She's a perfectly nice girl. She's my best friend.""And yet even you traded up," Audrey snapped from Paul's lap."I heard her freak show of a mother is coming back to town," Vivian said."Why would she want to come back to her dork of a daughter and nerd of a husband?" Audrey asked."She's coming back to research the wolves," Kim said. "She's a wildlife biologist. She's been up in Canada studying their wildlife. The chief of police came to her asking her to find a way to get the wolves to leave." Jared smirked."Well if she wants to study animals, then she should look at her daughter," Audrey said."Oh shut up," Kim snapped, "Jamie Mathias is NOT a freak."With that, Kim stood up and dragged Jared over to where Jamie was sitting. While Audrey and Vivian went on and on about some party they went to last week while he was on patrol, Paul looked over at Jamie.He had to admit that Jamie wasn't really that bad looking. She was about five foot with long brown hair pulled off to the side in her traditional braid. She was wearing her usual uniform of long blue jeans, flats, and a thick brown sweater. She always wore that same brown sweater every day. She never looked any different. She was plain, boring, and predictable.She was shy, reserved, and never talked to anyone besides Kim. She was the complete opposite of the girls Paul liked to sleep with. Audrey was the perfect example. Audrey was hot, sexy, and rarely wore more than short shorts and a low cut tank top. She was probably the easiest girl he had ever hooked up with. It only took two drinks at a party and a half hour of smooth talking. He was just that good. He would have already dropped Audrey just like he did with all the other girls, but the sex with Audrey was just too good. He knew he would have to leave her eventually. Audrey was becoming too clingly and possessive. She may be his girlfriend, but what she didn't understand was that she was only his girlfriend for now. There was no way Paul was going to be tied down  especially not to vain, shallow Audrey.Paul was just thinking about dumping Audrey tonight after they had sex when he looked over again at Jared. Poor bastard was stuck sitting with Kim and Jamie. Kim was doing all of the talking because Jamie could barely look at him.Just as he was feeling sorry for Jared, Jamie looked over at him. It was as if he was hit by a train. He was suddenly looking into the most beautiful brown eyes. She was gorgeous. How had he never noticed that? Jamie was suddenly everything to him. He would throw himself in front of a train if that made her happy. He felt as if he was a blind man looking into the sun for the first time.Oh crap.
