A.N.: Hi! So brand new, multi-chaptered story! I was inspired by Sweet Home Alabama, so this is my take on it using Bella and Edward.Everything's prewritten, so the chapters will regularly be updated. Probably on a weekly basis.This chapter was beta'd by kitchmill, Julietoo, thir13enth, and bigblueboat. Thanks, ladies! I appreciate it a lot! :)As always, I love getting reviews! I love reading the comments all of you leave. So tell me what you think! And of course ENJOY! :DDisclaimer: I don't own Twilight. All rights belong to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. The rights to Sweet Home Alabama belong to Touchstone Pictures, Original Film, D&D; Films, and Pigeon Creek Films.PrologueBPOVSt. Pete Beach, Florida  August 1997"Mom! I'm gonna be at the beach with Edward!" I yell to my mom as I run out the back door of my house. I sprint down my porch and quickly run across the deserted street to the boardwalk. Hopping off the boardwalk, I completely ignoring the set of stairs that lead to the sand and make my way over to where Edward is waiting for me."Hey," he greets with his signature crooked smile."Hi.""Race ya to the water!" And then he's gone. I'm quick and win races easily, but only if I've been given fair warning. And I wasn't this time.Edward is already in the water by the time I splash through it. "No fair, Edward! I wasn't ready!""Too bad, so sad," he answers with a laugh.I give my best friend my angry face, putting my hands onto my hips. "Fine. I'm going home!"I turn around and start to get out of the water. If Edward is going to be like this with me, if he's going to be a jerk, I don't want to be around him. It's when my feet touch dry sand that I feel Edward yank on my arm to turn me around."No. Don't go. I'm sorry, Bella. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.""But you did, Edward. That race wasn't fair.""All right. I'll race you again," he says with a sigh."No! Because now you're totally gonna let me win on purpose." I huff.He holds out an outstretched pinky. I reluctantly hook my own with his. "Pinky swear, Bella. I promise I won't let you win.""Okay. Let's race from the boardwalk, down the sand to the water. We gotta get shoulder deep in to win. And no diving underneath.""Deal." He then holds out his hand to me and I take it, our fingers interlocking. We walk hand in hand to the boardwalk and ready ourselves for our race.Hopefully, it won't start to rain. It's only three in the afternoon and already the sky is turning a very dark gray. Stupid hurricane season! The weather can be unpredictable when hurricanes come around. One minute it's bright and sunny, the next it's dark and cloudy."Can we make this race a bit more interesting?" Edward asks."What? Like a prize to the winner?""Yeah.""Okay. I want you to buy me a Push-Up popsicle if I win. Cherry. What do you want?""When we're grown up, I want you to marry me."My face becomes a look of disgust. "Ew! I can't marry you! You're my best friend!""So?""So what?""Things can change. My mom and dad actually hated each other as kids, and they've been married forever.""But still.""Just think about it, Bella."I shake my head to get the thought of marrying Edward out of my head. "On the count of three, Edward. One, two  three!" I yell.Both of us take off running. We're practically neck and neck the entire time. Edward's got longer legs than me, but I've been running almost my entire ten years and haven't stopped. I'm quick and nimble, especially since I'm small.Just as we reach the shore, Edward speeds up and races through the waves, and before I'm even knee deep, he's already up to his shoulders. I stop suddenly, because what's the point of continuing? He won.I slowly dunk myself into the salt water and swim over to Edward. He takes my hand and pulls me to him so I can hold on to him."I win," he says."I guess.""And you will marry me when we're grown up."I roll my eyes."Whatcha want to marry me for anyhow?" I ask."So I can kiss you anytime I want," he outright says with a little attitude.I gasp, and then Edward presses his lips to mine.It's not exactly how those actors and actresses kiss in the movies, but it actually isn't so far off. His eyes are closed and mine instinctively close, too. Our lips are puckered up against each other, and just as I'm about to pull away, Edward kisses me harder and seems to suck on my bottom lip. Who knew that at ten years old Edward Cullen could kiss?Eventually, the two of us pull apart. We notice that people are leaving because the sky has already turned gray, the clouds hiding the sun. The water had turned a bit cold, and I start to shiver."Let's get out of here," Edward says to me, and we run out of the water, grabbing our stuff and running back to my house.The two of us get inside just as the skies open up and rain starts to pour."I was wondering when you'd get back, Bella," my mom says. "Edward, why don't you call your mom and tell her you're gonna stay for dinner and that Charlie will drive you home."Edward nods and heads over to our home phone. I take this time by myself to change into dry clothes. Just as I finish pulling up a pair of shorts, a knock sounds against my door. Edward is on the other side, so I let him in and we just sit on my bed, watching TV.We're silent the whole time, until I decide to speak up. "Okay  I'll marry you, Edward."He just answers with a smile and a kiss to my lips.Today I had my first kiss with my best friend and future husband. Who knew one little race would change the entire course of my life?
