Hello, I have nothing to say besides, ENJOY ! :))Oh and by the way, Edward and Bella are both human! Everyone is! Sorry no vampires in this story. :(Remember rated M and lemons!Bella's POV:"But Alice, I don't want to go!" I half whined, half argued.Alice was dragging me and Rosalie to a stupid club. She knew that I wasn't the party type!"Oh come on Bella! Let's go have fun, you just need to loosen up a little. What were your plans for tonight anyway? Read one of your dorky romance novels?" Alice smirked.I huffed and continued arguing, "But Alice, you know I can't dance, let alone in heels!" I begged.Rosalie laughed at my tone, and I narrowed my eyes at her. She slapped a hand over her mouth quickly."It's okay, me and Rose will stay with you the whole time," Alice promised."But- ," I started to say, when Alice cut me off."No more complaining Bella, now go put on your dress." Alice commanded me.I sighed and went to change, realizing I had lost.I took the dress and went to the bathroom.I took off my clothes and slipped on the tiny dress. It should be illegal to wear this!My dress was a midnight blue, it was strapless and tight, it only reached until my mid thigh, and it showed a little more cleavage than I would have liked. I wore the matching death traps, I mean high heels. I then put on little black pearl earrings and a matching necklace. Stupid pixie, Alice.I looked in the mirror, I had to admit, I liked how blue looked with my pale skin. But that was it.I hesitantly stepped out of the bathroom.Alice and Rosalie gasped and began squealing."You look amazing!" they squealed in unison."Seriously Bella, you look hot!" Rosalie said, with wide eyes."Bella, I knew that dress would suit you, it hugs all of your curves, perfectly!" Alice said proudlyI blushed ten shades of red and sat in a chair. Alice began working on my hair.She let my hair down, so it was in loose waves. It felt natural, so I didn't complain.She began working on my make up and I grimaced. She giggled and applied mascara and a little lip gloss.Then Alice and Rosalie put on their dresses.Rosalie's dress was blood red and it only reached her mid thigh. It was tight, very tight and it showed way too much cleavage. She wore red matching high heels. Her hair was in little waves and she had the right amount of make up on. She had on black earrings and a matching necklace. She looked amazing!"Wow Rose! No one else could pull it off, but you!" I said adoringly, she smiled and thanked me."You look perfect!" Alice complimented Rosalie. Rosalie blushed and said thanks.Alice's dress was a black tight dress. It fell to her knee and was the least revealing out of all of our dresses. All she had to do to her hair was brush it, because it was short. Alice wore white pearl earrings with the matching necklace. And she had a fair amount of make up applied."You look beautiful Alice," I said, meaning it."Thank you Bella," Alice sang, giving me a hug."You look like a princess," Rosalie coed, lightly.Alice laughed and went to hug Rosalie."Off to the club we go!" Alice squealed. Rosalie cheered and I groaned.Twenty minutes later, due to Alice's crazy driving, we were parking in front of a club in Port Angeles."One day Alice, I will teach you to drive properly," I mumbled to her.She laughed and took mine and Rosalie's hand and dragged us to the entrance.The security asked for an ID and we showed him.I turned eighteen last month and ever since, Alice had been urging me to "party".We stepped inside the club and it was booming with music. And it was dark except for all of the party lights."WOOO!" Alice laughed. Rosalie joined her. And I just rolled my eyes. I did not want to be here in this uncomfortable dress, in this loud club, with my soon to be drunk friends.Alice and Rosalie dragged me to the dancing crowd. They began to dance with people they didn't even know.Meanwhile, I was awkwardly standing in between the crowd.I didn't know what to do, so I slipped out to go to the bar."A Gin-and-Tonic, please," I told the bartender. He nodded and I sighed in relief because he didn't ask my age. Clearly, I am not twenty one.I watched the bartender as he served my drink to make sure he didn't slip anything in it.He gave it to me and I drank it slowly.I sat on one of the stools and watched everyone have fun.I saw Alice talking intensely with a guy. He had honey colored hair, and was lean. I wonder what they could be talking about. They looked so drawn to each other.Then I saw Rosalie making out with some big guy. He looked very burly and was very muscular. Too muscular. He had brown curly hair and a little kid face.I sighed, Rosalie was always a one night stand type of girl. But she was proud and confident. That's what I loved about her.I looked around and stopped dead in my tracks.In a big booth, I saw the most handsome, attractive man I had ever seen.He had untidy, bronze hair that made me want to rake my hand through it. He was pale, but had slightly more color than me. His facial features were beautiful. He had a perfect nose, and pouty lips. His jaw was so sharp, it was perfect. His body was slim but still muscular. He was wearing a black shirt that clung to his glorious, muscled chest.I couldn't see his eyes because they were closed, due to the fact that he was making out with a redhead, intensely. They both seemed really into it.I felt something in the pit of my stomach. Yup, it was jealousy.I kept staring, wishing I was the redhead.Wait, what? You're going crazy Bella, how could someone like that even take a second look at you.The redhead he was with was very pretty. How would I ever measure up to that?He finally pulled away from the kiss and I saw his whole face. Yup, he was the most beautiful person I had ever seen.He didn't look drunk, and he had no drink in front of him.He looked back at the redhead but then he looked past her and saw me.Our eyes met.His eyes were a beautiful emerald green. He looked at me and smiled a little.After looking at each other for what seemed like hours, I looked down and blushed scarlet. Did he just catch me ogling him?Dammit Bella, he probably thinks you're a creep. I mentally scolded myself.I got up from my seat and went over to an outside balcony to get some fresh air.How can a complete stranger have such an effect on me? It's ridiculous. I heard someone behind me."Hello," a smooth, velvet voice said.I turned around and was met with the beautiful stranger that was in the booth. I stared at him and managed a reply."Um, hi," I stuttered, quietly. And I blushed.He noticed.He bought his hand to my face and stroked my cheek with his fingertips."The blush on your cheeks looks lovely," he murmured, seductively.I shivered but it was not from the cold.He kept his hand on my cheek and I blushed harder.This stranger had his hand on my face and I didn't feel weird or anything bad. I felt dazed and safe.But then I remembered the redhead. I was about to ask but he spoke first."My name is Edward, what's yours beautiful?" he asked with a crooked smile that made my breathe catch in my throat.Did he just call me beautiful?"B-Bella," I stuttered again. Stupid Bella, stupid."What are you doing here all alone?" he asked and I could hear the curiosity in his voice. I didn't answer him, instead I said something else."You're not here alone," I said looking him in the eyes.He looked at me confused so I continued."The redhead?" I said, anxiously."Oh, she's, uh, an acquaintance," he shrugged, carelessly.I giggled in relief and he smiled his big smile.He reached up and pushed a lock of hair behind my ear. I shivered at his touch. He leaned down to whisper in my ear."Let me kiss you," he murmured.I found myself nodding, without even realizing it.Then he grabbed my waist and his mouth was on mine.He kissed me softly at first. I wanted to drown in the feeling of his lips on mine. His lips were gentle and his taste was delicious. One of his hands was on my back and the other was on my hip. I snaked my hands up to his hair and tugged on it, to bring him closer. In response, he groaned and pressed my body completely into his. I never wanted this to end.But then I thought, what the hell? Here I was with a complete stranger letting him kiss the life out of me! But who cares?I felt a bulge coming from Edward's pants. I moaned and he used this opportunity to thrust his tongue into my mouth. Mmmm.Our tongues met and I was a goner. I was so wet. And clearly Edward was also aroused. Our tongues battled for dominance and I whimpered. It felt amazing to be here, with Edward's hands on me, kissing me.Edward cupped my face and pulled away. I pouted.When I saw Edward's green eyes, they looked hungry and full of lust. I nearly whimpered as the wet between my legs grew. This man was bringing out reactions in me that I never knew existed."Let's get out of here," he said, his voice rough.I found myself nodding.I didn't care that what I was doing was highly irresponsible. I wanted him. And I was going to get him.He pushed us through the crowd and out of the club and onto his car.The drive was quiet, filled with sexual tension.Twenty minutes later, due to his reckless driving, we arrived in front of his house. I couldn't see it that much because it was dark. But I saw a lot of trees surrounding us. Edward parked and I was half way out of the car and Edward was holding the car door open.As soon as I was out of the car, Edward crashed his mouth to mine again.I groaned and held onto his shoulders. My knees went week because of the passion put into the kiss.Edward put his hands on the small of my back but they didn't stop there. His hands traveled further down and rested right on my ass. I moaned and he gripped my ass and lifted me up. God, he is sexy. I wrapped my legs around his waist, loving this position. Edward started walking but I didn't care where we were going.I heard a door open then close. I then heard Edward walking up stairs. Seriously, we're still kissing, how has he not fallen down yet?I felt him sit down with me in his lap, my legs still around his waist.We kissed for a couple of minutes when I felt Edward toying with the zipper of my dress. He slowly pulled the zipper down and I whimpered. Edward tugged my dress down, revealing my lace bra. I looked at Edward's face and his eyes seemed to have gotten darker. He kissed me again, but this kiss was soft and gentle. He looked at me while grabbing at the clasp to my bra, silently asking.I nodded and he flicked my bra open. He slowly took it off, revealing my bare breasts. Edward wouldn't take his eyes off of them and I bit my lip, suddenly embarrassed of their small size. Edward looked at me and said, "You're so beautiful."I shivered at the sound of his voice.He lightly cupped both of my breasts, weighing them in his hands. I moaned loudly and arched into his hands. He trailed his thumbs over my nipples. He groaned and lowered his head and took one of my hard nipples into his mouth. I gasped and buried my face in his neck and tugged on his hair to bring him closer. The sensation of his wet mouth on my nipple was like heaven. He pulled back and did the same for my other nipple. I moaned loudly, as he began sucking gently. God, this feels amazing.I finally pulled back and tugged at his shirt. He looked at me confused so I simply pulled his shirt off. I looked at his bare chest. He was sexy as hell. I let my hands travel from his chest to his perfect biceps. I felt him shudder.I finally noticed, it was dark and he was sitting on a bed with me on his lap."Fuck Bella, I can't take this anymore, I need to be inside you," he murmured.And with that he laid me down on the huge bed and took off the rest of my dress and heels. Now all I had on was my panties. I saw Edward take off his jeans and shoes, so he was only in his boxers.He climbed on the bed, so he was hovering over me. He slowly took off my lace panties and looked at me. He groaned and bought his mouth back down to mine. I kissed him back, hard. My hands made their way to Edward's boxers, taking them off. We were both completely naked. I looked down at Edward, and wow. He was big, very big. His cock looked very excited, indeed.I felt his hand reach in between my legs and touch the soft curls of my vagina. I moaned and my back arched off the bed. He rubbed my clit with his thumb. And I felt one of his fingers enter me. I cried out in pleasure and pain. This was my first time, can you blame me? Edward continued to thrust his fingers into me and I was almost crying out. Suddenly, he pulled his fingers out."Did you like that Bella? Did you like my fingers fucking you?" Edward said huskily. I simply whimpered.He spread my legs apart and positioned himself between them. He looked at me intensely."Are you ready?" he whispered. I bit my lip and nodded.I put my hands on his shoulders and clutched them tight. He supported his weight on one of his elbows, to avoid crushing me.I felt the head of his cock enter me, and I cried out. He continued pushing into me until he reached my barrier.I heard him gasp quietly and he looked at me in surprise."This is your first time?" he said in shock, yet his eyes seemed to get warmer. Stupid virgin Bella!I bit my lip harder and nodded. He gave me a little smile and cupped my face and gave me the sweetest kiss of my life. It was short but held promises."I'll be gentle, love. Just hold onto me." he whispered."Okay," I whispered back. I don't know why but I wanted this, I wanted him to be my first. This felt right, like it was meant to be. I clung myself to his chest, waiting.Edward thrust into me and broke my barrier in one swift motion."OOOOWWWW," I cried out."Shhh baby, it'll be okay. I promise." Edward soothed. He stroked my hair, trying to distract me from the pain.After three minutes of agonizing pain, it started to feel good."Okay, I- um- you can move," I stuttered."Are you sure?" he asked concerned, though I could tell he wanted to move, by his tense posture.I nodded and kissed him sweetly.He began thrusting carefully. I started moaning and panting. Loud.Edward's thrusts became slightly more powerful and he was groaning and panting too."God Bella, you're so tight," he panted.I screamed as he hit my G spot. And he moaned.Edward moved my legs up and wrapped them around his waist. And it felt even more pleasurable then before, he hit deeper inside of me. He was definitely not a virgin, that's for sure.I also felt one of Edward's hand find mine. He laced his fingers through mine. He held my hand the entire time.After about six or seven thrusts, I felt my walls clench around Edward's cock."Fuck!" I screamed, reaching my orgasm.Edward growled loudly.After a second, I felt him come, and it felt amazing to feel his hot liquid pour into me.Edward collapsed on me and we lay there, breathing heavily.I was really worn out and tired and I felt my eyes drooping.Edward rolled so that he was next to me on the bed. He bought blankets and covered us."Sleep, love." he murmured.He pulled me to his chest and I let sleep overtake me.There you go! What do you think will happen when Bella wakes up? Will she regret it? What about Edward?
