A.N. I know that this has maybe been done before, I just wanted to try my own hand at things. It won't be like the book very much, but there will still be some similarities. And Rosalie won't be like Dickward, all dramatic, creepy, lying, and controlling. She'll be the opposite of all of those things. The first chapter is going to be really similar to the book, but everything after that will derive from it.Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, SM does. If I did, Bella would be tough, probably a secret agent, and she would end up with Rosalie or Alice. And none of the pain and angst of New Moon would have happened.I was driving myself to the airport with the windows rolled down. Watching my chestnut hair gleam red with the sun. It was seventy-five degrees here in Phoenix, the sky a perfect, cloudless blue. I wore my favorite shirt, one deemed comfortable for the plane ride  sleeveless, white eyelet lace; I wore it as a farewell gesture. My carry-on items were some trading documents and a black parka. My mother was calling."I don't understand why you are being absurdly ridiculous, you already have your GED and have been through college. Why on Earth are you going to High school?" My mother was angry, I expected it though  it was hardly ever a surprise, no matter what I did it was never good enough. Maybe because I'm only seventeen. Maybe because I'm CEO of a multi-billionaire industry. Maybe because I miss my stranger of a Father. Maybe because I think you know that you are destroying me. Why don't you love me? I sighed."Rene, I want to see my Father, and maybe get a normal experience at life. I'm not sure why you are angry about this; you know I won't slack off on my work." I tried to console her, but then again, Rene couldn't be consoled."You are embarrassing me. Do you know what the chair members think of your immature acts? Really, Isabella! How do you expect to do your duties from that run down town?" She whispered angrily through the static lines of the phone. I sighed again. Everything I have ever done either disappointed the angry business women or embarrassed her."Rene, I have a merger in the works. I gave them a deadline by Wednesday week. I have them in the hooks. They won't have enough to save themselves should they decline." I said the last part with absolutely no emotion. Rene would know. And I would be severely punished if she found out that I was upset for ruining people's lives. I remember all too well the harsh words that I had been slashed with as a child. Needless to say; I've learned from my mistakes."How much will our stats raise?" That was good, she seemed sated"If my plans go through we should be the first trillionaires that the world has seen in twenty-five years." I said, stepping out of my black Aventador Lamborghini. Ducking under the butterfly doors, I grabbed both of my suitcases. One was filled with school clothes and school stuff. The other was more formal, filled with business clothing and letters to be shipped off."Make sure it does, Isabella." She snapped before she hung up. I pressed the phone tighter to my ear. I imagined her words twisting into saying something foreign. Maybe "Bella, you don't have to do this." Or "I'll see you soon. You can come back whenever you want  I'll come right back as soon as you need me. I love you." It just didn't sound right. It sounded alien.In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, a small town named Forks exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this inconsequential town more than any other place in the United States of America. In this town  despite its gloomy, omnipresent shade  was where my mother had married my father. He wasn't anything special, not rich and clumsy. I don't know what Rene was doing with him. My only guess was that he was the only person that she had even come close to loving."Ms. Spina?" Mr. Anderson asked. He was my PA, and I was grateful for it. It really wasn't that easy being the only seventeen year old CEO of Spina industries. "Your plane is about to board, I'll have your car taken care of but I think it's best if you leave before the Paparazzi shows." He was having my car shipped to Forks, Washington. Rene had insisted, not for my well-being, never for that, but because I was a trophy to be showed off and flaunted. She wanted the people of Forks to see that I was rich, which in her mind, meant that I am better than them.I nodded. "Of course, Mr. Anderson." I slipped the glasses off of my head and onto my face. I had learned long ago that people could read my emotions easier through my eyes, having tinted sunglasses shut them out. It was habitual, a safety blanket for me whenever I started to feel anything akin to emotion.Mr. Anderson looked at me tightly for a moment, deciphering my shades, and then I got on the plane and he was gone.It was a total of five hours for flight time. Four hours from Phoenix to Seattle and then another hour to Port Angeles. After that, Charlie, my father, had agreed readily to pick me up for the hour long drive to Forks. I saw the shake of the airplane's wings and a flood of worry plummeted into my stomach. I wasn't scared of flying, it was the hour long ride with Charlie. He was my father, but still a stranger. I hadn't seen him since I was six.Charlie had been excited for my announcement, if Charlie could ever get excited. He was pleased that I was coming to live with him from now on. He knew all about my CEO status with the implied 'filthy rich' too. He knew about how I had my GED and went to Dartmouth at the age of thirteen. I explained to him that I wanted the High school experience, so he registered me into Forks High school.When I landed in Port Angeles, it was raining. I didn't see that as an omen  just unavoidable. I had already said my goodbyes to the heat and sun.Charlie was waiting for me with the police cruiser. I was expecting this too. Charlie donned a black bomber jacket with the Chief's badge over his left breast. That was one reason I didn't try to fight Rene on shipping my car up here. Nothing slows down traffic like a cop, especially the Chief of Police.Charlie caught me when I stumbled off of the plane and gave me an awkward one-armed side-hug."I missed you, Bells," he said, smiling fixing my stance so I was more stable. "You haven't changed as much as I can tell. How's Rene?""She's perfect. It's good to see you, Ch  Dad." I had to remember that this stranger was my father. He deserved the title. Charlie towed the two bags of mine into the trunk, which fit very easily.We started down the road once we were both strapped in. A couple of comments about the weather happened, which was wet. After the failed attempts we just stared out of the windows in an easy silence.Forks was beautiful of course; I couldn't deny it. Everything was green, alive: the trees, the branches, the ferns and even the air had a strange haze of green to it. It contrasted greatly from the dry red scenery that I was so used to seeing.After the promised hour, we made it to Charlie's house. He still lived in the two story, with only two bedrooms, house that he'd bought with my mother in the happy days of their marriage."Dad, I wish you'd move into the house that I had bought." I nagged at him. I had asked him if he would move into the open mansion that the late Mayor had left to anyone who had enough money to buy it. I left Arizona to get away from Rene, I didn't want to live in a house that only reminded me of her. Charlie had refused, he still hadn't got over Rene. The Mayor's mansion was quickly becoming our first argument."You bought it?" Charlie asked, his face heating a quick red. "Isabella! I told you""I know, Dad. It was one of Rene's terms though. I wish you would at least consider it. The house is closer to the City Hall  you could get to work faster.""It's farther away from the school." He grumbled back at me. I suspected his real problem with the house was pride. Nothing hurts the male's pride more than buying him stuff he can't afford. But really, the house was nearing the million dollar mark."It'd only take me an extra minute. If not for you, then for me. I could get so much more done for my branch in the larger house." I paused. "I am really sorry, Dad. I'm not trying to push you. I don't understand how it feels to let something you love go," Because I don't love anything. Maybe expect for you, in time. "But please just think it over." I requested, almost pleaded with him. Rene had expected us to live in that house. If she saw that I could possibly live in this one she would have a heart attack. I started to get out of the car to retrieve my bags when Charlie pulled my arm."We'll talk about it later okay? Not today, I want you to get settle in. This week? When I'm off work?" He blushed, looking down at the dashboard. I nodded without him seeing."Of course, Dad. Whatever you want."It only took me one trip to get all my stuff upstairs, denying Charlie's assistance. I got the west bedroom that faced over the front yard. The room was scary familiar; it had been mine until I was six. The wooden floor, the light blue walls, the peaked ceiling, the white laced curtains around my window  these were all part of my vague childhood memories. The only changes I could detect was the queen size bed, the black glass desk, and the flat screen TV.There was a bathroom in the left hallway of the stairs, which I would share with Charlie. I tried not to dwell too much on that fact.The biggest difference between Charlie and Rene was that he didn't hover. He let me unpack by myself and get situated. Rene would have been over my shoulder, watching like an angry hawk. It was nice to be alone, not to smile and looked pleased for the woman. I had never felt so free. I had some documents that I had to go over about the merge that I was working on, but I would save that for bedtime, when I would be alone with my thoughts.Forks High school had a total of three hundred and fifty-seven  now fifty-eight  students. All of the kids here had grown up together  their grandparents had been toddlers together. I would be the new girl from the big city. The girl with the sociopathic smart brain, who was a billionaire business woman, coming to their school. I would be an attraction, a curiosity, a freak.Maybe, if I looked like a girl from Phoenix should, I could work this into my advantage. But I'd never fit in anywhere. I should be tan, sporty, blonde, and pretty  a volley ball player, or a cheerleader, perhaps  all things that go with living in the valley of the sun.Instead, I was ivory skinned, set off by my dark chestnut hair and my brown eyes, despite the constant sunshine. I have always been slender, soft, but over these past few months I was boarding unhealthy slim. I wasn't an athlete obviously, Rene wouldn't allow her prized possession to be hurt, and that I lacked the necessary hand-eye coordination.When I finished putting my clothes in the pine dresser, I took my bag of ordered necessities and went to the bathroom to clean the airplane air and travel off of me. I looked at my face in the bathroom curiously as I brushed through my long, tangled damp hair. Maybe it was the light or my work, but I already looked a hundred times more sallow, unhealthy. My skin could be pretty  it was very clear, I never had a blemish a day in my life, almost translucent looking  but it all depended on color and sleep. I have neither.Facing my pallid reflection in the mirror, I was forced to admit, that I was lying to myself. It wasn't just physically that I'd never fit in. I was too odd. Too scary.I never fit in with people my age, not in my first school years, but in college either. The truth was that I didn't relate well with people, period. Not even to the fifty-plus year old board members. It was hard getting people to see things my way, not because of my age, but because my plans were out of the box. Sometimes I wondered if I was seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. There obviously was a glitch in my brain. But honestly, the cause didn't matter. All that mattered was the effect. Tomorrow would only be the beginning of my doom or my salvation.I didn't get much sleep that night, even after I was done reading the trade requests. I found some questionable legal citations, but other than that, everything looked good. The constant whooshing of rain and wind across the roof wouldn't fade into the background. I almost missed the immediate noise that crickets made when the sun set to sleep, or the croaking of frogs when they're disturbed. I paced my room, thinking, and didn't stop until my feet started to ache. But I still didn't fall asleep until midnight, when the rainfall settled into a quitter drizzle.I awoke to dark lights. I slept more than I had ever before, so I was well rested. I looked out of my window and all I could see was thick fog. You would almost never sky the sky here; it was like a cage.Breakfast with Charlie was a very quiet event. I didn't eat anything and he noticed. I told him I wasn't hungry, after frowning he wished me good luck at school. I nodded and thanked him, even though I knew it was hopeless. Good luck tended to avoid me when it could. Charlie left first, off to the police station that was his wife and family. After he left, I sat at the old mismatched oak tables and examined his small kitchen. The dark paneled walls contrasted with the white cupboards. Nothing changed. Over the fireplace in the adjoining handkerchief-sized family room was a row of pictures. First was a wedding picture of Charlie and Rene in Italy, then one of me earning my National Junior Honor Society placement, followed by me receiving my degree in business last year. It seemed like a long time since then, I had done so much.It was impossible, being in this house, not to realize that Charlie had never moved on from us. It made me feel guilty.I didn't want to be too early to school, but it was a probably good idea so I could find all of my classes. I donned my jacket and headed out into the rain.It was just drizzling still, not enough to soak me through completely immediately as I reached under the eaves by the door to lock up. The sloshing of my new waterproof boots was unnerving. I didn't miss the normal crunch of gravel as I walked though. Suddenly, I stopped. There in my driveway was my car. Stunned I walked to the slip of paper underneath the windshield wipers and pulled it out.Have a good day at school today, Bella.  Mr. AI chuckled, well at least I wouldn't have to walk two miles to school today. I opened the door to find the keys in the ignition. The engine stated up as easily as it always did and the heaters kicked on, warming me up.Finding the school wasn't difficult. Just like everything else, the school was just off of the highway. It was not obvious that it was a school, only the wood and yellow sign declaring that they were Forks' Spartans gave the indication.I parked in front of the building, which had a small sign over the door reading FRONT OFFICE. No one else was parked here, so maybe it was off limits. Granted it was early, and I wasn't going to keep circling in the rain like an idiot. I stepped unwillingly under my door and into the cold. I walked down a little stone path hedged with dark plants. After a deep breath and an insistence of steady voices, I opened the door.Inside, it was brightly lit, and warmer than I'd hoped. The office wasn't surprisingly small; a little waiting area with padded folding chairs, orange-flecked commercial carpets, notices and awards cluttering the walls, a big clock ticking loudly. Plants grew everywhere in large, orange, plastic pots, as if there wasn't already enough outside. The room was cut in half by a long counter, cluttered, like the walls, with wire baskets full of papers and brightly colored flyers taped to its front. There were three desks behind the counter, one of which was controlled by an elderly, red-haired woman wearing wired glasses. She was wearing a t-shirt, which immediately made me feel overdressed.The lady looked up. "May I help you?""I'm Isabella Spina," I informed her. "My father, Charlie, may have registered me as a Swan." I saw the quick look of awareness light her eyes. I was gossip here, not unlike the rest of the world. The rich eccentric daughter of the Chief's flighty ex-wife, come home at last."H-he did, I could change that, if you'd like? I'm sorry I didn't recognize you sooner  I should have, you're all over the news." She fumbled around in a couple stacks of paper."Please, don't bother yourself. I don't mind." I assured her, worried that she was going into a cardiac-arrest with all of the blushing and stuttering she was doing."O-okay. Here, I have your schedule right here, and a map of the school." She stuttered again, bringing the papers over to the counter to show me.She went through my classes with me, highlighting the best route on each map, and gave me a slip to have each teacher sign, which I was to bring back at the end of the day. She smiled at me and hoped, like Charlie, that I would like it here in Forks. I smiled at her as convincingly as I could, when she said that if I had any questions come to her.When I walked back outside to my car, other students were starting to arrive. I drove around the school, following the line of traffic. I wasn't surprised to see that the cars here were very old, nothing flashy. At home, it wasn't uncommon to see a new Mercedes or Porsche. The nicest car next to mine was a shiny Volvo, it stood out greatly. Still, I cut the engine as soon as I was in spot, every eye was on my car, and I was glad for the tinted windows.I looked at the map again, even though I had already rememorized it, and straightened the red tie over my white dress shirt. I breathed in and smoothed out the wrinkles in my black dress pants. These were my school clothes, it was Rene, always insisting that I look my best. I stuffed everything into my plain black backpack, and slug it over one shoulder. I sucked a deep breath in. I can do this, I've stood higher than men in business rooms, and I've closed deals and stood against allegations against my company. I am Isabella Swan-Spina. I am powerful, rich, and cunningly smart  well, according to New York Times anyway. I can do this, nobody is going to bite me. I made sure my mirrored Aviator sunglasses were on top of my head.I rolled my shoulders back and kept my head up as I walked. Always show them that you are better than them, that they don't scare you, this was one of Rene's favorite phrases. I stood out, the sidewalk with crowded teenagers, who stopped talking to stare, and why shouldn't they? They all knew who I am, the question was 'what they hell is she doing here?'Once I got around the cafeteria, the classrooms were easy to find. A large black sign with the teacher's name hung over the door. I felt my breathing gradually creeping towards hyperventilation as I approached the door. I held my breath, following after two unisex coats into the classroom.The class was small. The people in front of me stopped to hang their coats up, I watched them. They were two girls, one a wheat-colored blonde, the other also pale, with mousy colored hair. At least my skin wouldn't be standing out here.I took the slip up to a tall balding man, whose desk plate identified him as Mr. Mason. He gawked at me when he looked at me, and saw my name. I slipped to glasses onto my eyes to hide my embarrassment. But he sent me to the back desk without introducing me to class  he didn't need to. It was more difficult for the students to stare at me in the back, somehow they managed. I kept my eyes down to the list the teacher had passed out. It was basic: Shakespeare, Chaucer, and Faulkner I'd already read all of this. That was comforting, and boring. I could tell Rene this, she'd argue with me, telling me that my decision was stupid. I thought of different discussions in my head while the teacher went over the list.When the bell rang after fifty-four minutes, a gangly boy with uneven skin tones and hair black as an oil slick, leaned over the aisle to talk to me."You're Isabella Spina, aren't you?" He looked like the over-helpful type."Bella Swan," I corrected. Everyone with a three seat radius turned to look at me. I pulled the glasses back on my head, what little light had just disappeared behind a cloud."What's your next class?" He asked.I didn't have to check my bag. "Government, with Jefferson, in class six."There was nowhere to look without meeting curious eyes."I'm headed towards class four, I could show you the way" Over-helpful. "I'm Eric," he added with a smile.I smiled back softly. "Thanks."He got his jacket and we headed out of the class. I could have sworn the several people behind us were close enough to eavesdrop. Maybe my paranoia was resurfacing."So, this is a lot different than Phoenix, huh?" He asked."Very.""It doesn't rain much there, does it?""Only about three or four times a year.""Wow, what must that be like," he wondered"Sunny." I told him"You don't look very tan.""My mother is an albino witch."He studied me apprehensively, and I sighed and frowned at him. It looked like the clouds and whatever small sense of humor I had didn't mix. A few months of this and I'll probably forget how to speak sarcasm.We walked around the back of the cafeteria, to the south buildings by the gym. Eric walked me right to the door, apparently not caring if he was going to be late to class  weird too, the door was clearly marked."Well, good luck," he said as my fingers scraped the door handle. "Maybe we'll have some classes together." He sounded hopeful.I smiled at him vaguely and went inside.The rest of the morning passed in about the same fashion. My Math teacher told me I was in the wrong class, because it was meant for senior students. Mr. Varner also made me stand in the front of the classroom, even though they all knew who I was.After two classes, I started to recognize several faces in each class. There was always someone braver than the rest who would introduce themselves to me, they would also ask questions about me and my work. I tried to be diplomatic, but really I just lied, a lot.One girl sat next to me in both Math and Italian, and she walked with me to the cafeteria for lunch. She was tiny, several inches shorter than my five feet four inches, but her wild, dark, curly hair made up a lot of distance. I didn't catch her name, so I smiled and nodded while she went on and on about teachers. I didn't keep up.We sat at the end of a full table with several of her friends who she introduced me to. I remembered their names the second they were voiced. They seemed stunned by her bravery in speaking to me. The boy from English, Eric, waved at me from across the room.It was there, sitting in the lunch room, trying to make conversation with seven curious strangers, that I first saw them.They were sitting in the far corner of the cafeteria, as far away from me as possible in the long room. There were five of them. They weren't talking, and they weren't eating, though they each had a tray of untouched food in front of them. They weren't gawking at me, unlike most of the other students, so it was safe to stare at them without the fear of meeting an excessively interested pair of eyes. But it was none of these things that caught, and held, my attention.They didn't look anything alike. Of the three boys, one was big  muscled like a serious weight lifter, with dark, curly hair. Another was taller, leaner, but still muscular, and honey blond. The last was lanky, less bulky, with untidy, bronze- colored hair. He was more boyish than the others, like he belonged in High school, the others looked like they would be more fitted in college.The girls were opposites. The short girl was pixie like, thin in extreme, with small features. Her hair was deep black, cropped short and pointing in every different direction. The tall one was statuesque. She had a beautiful figure, the kind that you see on the cover of Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, the kind that made every girl knock down her own self-esteem just by being in the same room as her. Her smooth, soft looking, hair was a golden blonde, gently waving to the middle of her back. I stared at her the longest. Not because she was incredibly, breath taking, heart stopping gorgeous  she was, but because she seemed so sad and lonely. The way she furrowed her eyebrows at the table in front of her, or the way she bit her lip screamed that she needed a hug, that she needed attention. She seemed tense, her long, beautiful, pale fingers tapped at the table in random notes, like she was playing the piano.And yet, they were all exactly alike. Every one of them was chalky pale, the palest of all the students living in this sunless town. Paler than me, the albino. They all had very dark eyes despite the range in hair tones. They also had dark shadows underneath those eyes  purplish, bruise like shadows. As if they were all recovering from a broken nose. Though their noses, all of their features, were straight, perfect, and angular.But all this is not why I couldn't look away.I stared because their faces, so different, so similar, were all devastatingly, inhumanly, beautiful. They were the faces you never expected to see except perhaps on the airbrushed pages of a fashion magazine. Or painted by an old master as the face of an angel. It wasn't hard to decide who was more beautiful  clearly it was the perfect, blonde Aphrodite."Who are they?" I asked, Jessica, the girl from Italian and Math.As she looked up to see who I meant  though already knowing, probably, from my tone  suddenly he looked at her, the thinnest one, the boyish one. He looked at her for a second before looking at me. He looked away and started to speak to his neighbors, his mouth moving very quickly. The beautiful blonde frowned deeper and her ultra-white teeth let her clutch grip on her lip go, before turning to look at me. My breath caught in my throat, her dark  golden?  Eyes scanned my face for a second before she looked away, quickly, faster than I could. I slipped my glasses back onto my face, looking down at the table.Jessica giggled in embarrassment, looking at the table like I did."That's Edward, Emmett, and Alice Cullen, and Rosalie and Jasper Hale; they all live together with Dr. Cullen and his wife." She said this under her breath.I glanced sideways at the beautiful girl, who was looking at her tray now, picking a bagel to pieces with her long, pale, fingers. Her mouth was moving very quickly, her perfect lips barley opening. The others looked at her, attention solely focused on her glorious face.Strange, unpopular names, I thought. The kinds of names grandparents had. But maybe that was all the rage here  small town names? Contrary-wise the girl, Jessica, had a name that was perfectly common. In my Business class at Dartmouth, there were two girls named Jessica."They are  very nice looking." I struggled with the conspicuous understatement."Yes!" Jessica agreed with another giggle. "They're all together though  Emmett and Edward, and Jasper and Alice, I mean. And they live together." The voice all shock and condemnation of a small town, I thought critically. But, if I were being honest, it would cause gossip in Phoenix as well."Which ones are the Cullens?" I asked, slightly annoyed with the girl next to me. "They don't look related.""Oh, they're not. Dr. Cullen is super young. They're all adopted. The Hales are brother and sister, twins  the blondes  and they're foster children.""They look a little too old to be foster children.""They are now, Jasper and Rosalie are both seventeen, but they've been with Mrs. Cullen since they were seven. She's their aunt or something like that.""That's really nice of them  to take care of all those kids like that, when they're so young.""I guess so," Jessica admitted reluctantly, and I got the impression that she didn't like the doctor and his wife for some reason. With the glances that she was throwing their adoptive children, I would presume the reason was jealousy. "I think that Mrs. Cullen can't have any kids, though," she added, as if somehow that lessened their kindness. It was a ridiculous notion.Throughout the whole conversation, my eyes flickered again and again to the un-eating family."They haven't always lived here?" I asked. Surely, from my summers here, I would've noticed the beautiful strangers."No," she said in a tone that implied that it should have been obvious, even to a new comer like me. "They moved down here two years ago from somewhere in Alaska."As I examine them again, Aphrodite looked at me again, this time a fierce glare clear on her face. As I looked away swiftly, it occurred to me that she seemed to be trying to frighten me off."The blonde one is Rosalie?" I asked. I peeked at her sideways, she was still glaring, and it felt like two hot pines on the side of my face. I pushed the glasses tighter to my eyes."Yeah, she's gorgeous, of course. We call her the Ice queen. She's turned five of the straightest people I know into lesbians just like that," she snapped her fingers for emphasis. "I wouldn't waste my time though. Apparently she doesn't date  none of the boys or the girls are good enough for her." She sniffed a clear case of sour grapes. I wondered if one of those five people were her, and when Rosalie Hale turned her down.I bit my lip to hide my coming smile. Then I glanced at her. Her face was turned down to the table again, one side of her lip twitching upwards, almost like she knew what was going on in our conversation.After a few more minutes, the five of them left the table together. They were all noticeably graceful  even the big, brawny one. It was extremely unsettling to watch. The one named Rosalie didn't look at me again.One of my new acquaintances, who nicely reminded me her name was Angela, even if I didn't need it, said she had Biology II with me next. We walked together in silence, she was shy too.We entered the classroom, Angela went to sit at a black-topped table like the ones that I was used to. She already had a neighbor. In fact, all of the tables were filled up but one. In the back aisle, I recognized the small pixie girl, named Alice Cullen with her strange spiky hair. I walked up to the teacher to get my slip signed  he too, gawked at me.He told me to go sit down next to Alice. I did so with an unfamiliar anticipation. She glanced up from the watery window the smile at me. It nearly blinded. I sat down into my seat, watching her with curious eyes, she giggled and stuck out a hand."Hello, Isabella. I am Alice Cullen." She tilted her head at me, I realized she had given me the option of my name instead of everybody assuming that I liked to be called Bella."Bella, please." I shook her hand. She grinned at me again, and the teacher called for attendance. I noticed as I turned around to face the teacher, Alice had paused, her hand still in the air, with a sort of blank expression on her face. She snapped out of it quickly though, grinning like the Cheshire cat, turning around too. He passed out some papers for us to study for a test and then gave us free time.Alice turned around towards me."How are you liking Forks so far?" She asked her voice matching her impish face."It's good. Great." I told her, baffled as to why she would want to talk to me."Really?" She wrinkled her nose in disdain, "I'd much rather be living in Phoenix."I laughed, sort of. "Not for me, it's too crowded.""Oh, is that right, Ms. Multi-billionaire?" She laughed right back. I quickly felt a grin growing over my face, she was infectious  everything about her was light, airy, and free. I nodded, taking on a solemn look and sighed at her."Everything is so hard. Being rich isn't all it seems. You have to find the right people to cook your food and do your laundry. I remember I fired this girl for using the wrong detergent. People just can't get it right! I broke a nail screaming at her." I sighed mockingly and put my hand to my forehead in melodrama. Alice blurted out laughing, holding her stomach. I smiled, proud that I could please somebody  even if I was making fun of myself. Nobody hates me more than me though, so, it only made sense.The bell rang and Alice said she'd hoped she would see me tomorrow. I nodded at her, smiling softly, and slipped the glasses onto my head.I walked into the warm office to return my paper slips at the end of the day. I walked, almost happily to the front desk to the smiling receptionist, and handed her my papers."How did your first day go, dear?" She asked almost maternally."Very pleasant, thank you." I said, my voice soft. She looked convinced.When I got to my car, it was about the last one there. The only other one was the silver Volvo I had observed earlier that day. I again felt two hot stings on the side of my face and turned around. The Cullens and Hales were around the Volvo, they were all staring at me. Okay, that's very creepy. I frowned at them, considering calling out and asking what was wrong. Instead Alice blinked and waved at me smiling. I slipped the glasses onto my face, noting how the one named Jasper frowned, and waved my fingers back in her direction before stepping into the car. It seemed like a haven to me, heating me up from the damp green hole outside.I turned the key and pulled out of the student parking lot. I fought thoughts and images of a perfect, stunning blonde the whole way to Charlie's house.Okay, first chapter down. Tell me if I should write more.
