hey guys, this is my first fanfic so please read and review, thankyou loads xHi, I should probably introduce myself, I'm Natalie Jackson, I'm 17 and I'm on my way to a rainy place called Forks to see my cousin Bella Swan while my foster parents are on vacation in India, its kind of a work thing that's why I dido't go. Bella's not really my cousin, her grandparent's adopted my birth mother so my mum and her mum grew up together. Yeah I guess you're wondering why I didn't't stay with Bella and her mum or something and went into care even though they offered, well the truth is I didn't't want to, I wanted to start a new life after my parents died by being murdered by some men trying to rob the house when I was 11, and being with Bella and her mum would just have been a constant reminder of what I could have had with my parent's, but no, my parent's had to be "Heroic" as everyone say's a try to fight the robbers and get shot in the process, now in my eye's that's just plain stupid! I mean did they really think the robbers would come unarmed to steal, did they ever think of the consequence's, about leaving me! no they didn't and I hate them for it. My foster parents are nice though, I have been with them for 6 year's now and they do the best they can for me, even if that mean's leaving me every now and then to help some poor people in a less economically developed country. But hey, I'm a big girl, I can look after myself.Well anyway, I'm sat in the back of "uncle" Charlie's police car on my way to his house where I'm going to be staying for 6 month's which is the longest Sophie and Phil (my foster parent's) have left me for. I'm stareing out the tinted black window taking in the surroundings of my temporary home, it's really nice and peaceful looking, though what do you expect from a tiny town like Forks, there's greenery everywhere which is beautiful, nothing like the city (I make a mental note to go exploring the woods soon) there's a few shop's in the area but none that say "Clayton's" where Bella work's, maybe I could drop in and surprise her."Hey, umm Nat?" Charlie say's looking through the rear view mirror flicking back from the road to my face."Yes Charlie?" I ask rather politely.I'm not comfortable enough to speak to Charlie informally with my usual "yeahh""Bella is out with errr, Edward at the moment so umm I can help you unpack if you want" he said in a tone which you can tell he isn't comfortable either.I think Charlie is someone who just want's to keep himself busy with anything because I don't think he really cares about me unpacking, but I'm gunna be with him for 6 month's so I might aswell get to know him a bit."Yes that would be great, thankyou Charlie" I said while smiling in the rear view mirror, he smiled back then returned his eye's to the road.
