Cold, wet and dull. That's British weather for you. Although I must admit, the temperature has increased a bit and I thank the polluting gas of carbon dioxide for that. It's sad how little activity people do about the environment. People are aware of the harm we are doing to the earth, they care, but they do nothing about it. They just sit there waiting for a miracle to happen. Well, to be quite frank, the miracle is up to us.So here I am, waiting for this stupid bus to arrive so that I can go to school. First day of Year 11 and it's already looking tedious. At least the bus shelter is keeping my hair dry. It took a long time to curl it and I'm not going to pleased if it gets wet and goes back to being the dead straight natural thing it is. To make matters worse, I have forgotten my umbrella so I have to use my black blazer to keep my head dry when I have to walk the rest of the way to school. I looked at the electronic timetable for the buses and saw that my bus was due. Finally. I looked to my left and see this guy who was wearing the same school uniform as me. I couldn't really see his face as it was raining and he was a little distant from me, but I knew he was soaked as he had no protection from the rain. Call me sadistic, but I chuckled when I realised that he would have to chase Olympic Gold in order to catch the bus. Talking about the bus, I could finally see it's red metal as it crested the hill. I looked at the boy and saw that his head shot up as the bus past him and just as I predicted, he ran. Unfortunately for him it was a little too late. I got on the bus and looked behind through the window as the bus started to move and I saw that he put his hands behind his head as he slowed down. I know the feeling. I still didn't get to see his face clearly and I figured that he must be new as no one from my school goes to my bus stop."Oh my god hiiiiiii!" Alice plunged herself into my arms. I started laughing."Hey," I replied. We released each other and grinned."So how was my best friends summer holiday?" She asked."Good, good. Barely done anything. Too much is expected from summer you know."Me and Alice have been friends since primary school. We're the two gang group. Hanging in big crowds is too much for me. It's loud and you have backstabbing people who you call your 'friends'. This is why big groups have more fights than smaller ones."How was Morocco?" I asked."Dude, it was like the best. The guys there are just something else" she vocalised."Sexy?""Very."I laughed as I shook my head."Did you meet anyone?" I quizzed."Nah. I just mainly gawked at the beauty the guys there presented.""Nice,""There's a new guy starting today. Apparently his name is Edward and he is going to be in our form,""Well let's hope he's attractive because this school needs more good looking guys to perv over," I joked."I call dibs." she announced as her hand shot in the air."pfft."Alice is pretty. She is almost the same height as me. I'm five foot two and a half whilst Alice is just a few cm's shorter than me. She has long blonde hair and stunning blue eyes and a petite figure. She's had a few boyfriends here and there but they were nothing serious. As for me, I'd like to stay out of that area of relationships. I'm more focused on education rather than wasting my time on a guy who is more focused on my physical appearance. That's school love for you."Alright class. Hope you all had a wonderful summer but now it's time for you to sit down and be serious. This is your last year at secondary school. The most important year of your time here at Forks School" Mrs Bradley bragged on about how serious we should get and not to mess around in class anymore. She also put us through a morale boosting pep talk too as well as handing out our new planners, making sure we were equipped for lessons and that our uniform was perfect. The whole uniform thing annoys me. Let us wear uniform, that's fine, but don't strip away our personality. This whole 'don't dye your hair' 'don't wear nail varnish' 'don't wear bracelets' 'don't have piercings on your face' is just inadequate. I'm sorry, but how do these things effect my education?"Mrs Bradley, I heard someone say that a new boy is coming in our form," Tanya said when the class was quiet.Mrs Bradley checked her watch and rolled her eyes. "Typical." she muttered under her breath. "It looks like he's seven minutes late." She answered."What's his name?" someone else shouted."Edward."So Edward became a good topic to talk about in the class for a few minutes. The girls debating on how good he'll look and the guys wondering if he's good at football.Time seemed to be going so slowly. Me and Alice aren't allowed to sit next to each other because of our constant chatting that Mrs Bradley gets annoyed with, but she still likes us despite that. I sit by myself at the back of the classroom, all isolated at the side, but it's good because I can eavesdrop on peoples conversations which is bad, I know, but it's so interesting.Five minutes before the bell went there was a knock on the door and everyone went silent. The door opened and there he stood. Edward. He was absolutely drenched because of the heavy rain and he looked exhausted. This boy looked like a tumblr boy. It like someone got him out of social network and stuck him right in front of me. He looked like he was six foot tall and heck the wetness of his white school shirt gave me the perfect insight of his body. Lean but muscular. My eyes slowly made it's way back to his god like face. His brown tousled hair glistened as small rain droplets hung for dear life at the ends of his spiky hair that pointed in all directions. His green eyes sparkled in the light as he ran his fingers through his wet hair. He licked his kissable pink lips and then I noticed how amazing his jawline was. A strong musky smell lingered off of him that surrounded the room and I couldn't stop myself from smelling him."Sorry that I'm late. Missed the bus." His strong British accent rolled smoothly off his tongue and I died a little when I heard his velvety voice."I'm going to let you off because it's your first day here, but next time, please don't be late." Mrs Bradley said."Yes ma'am" He replied as he awkwardly looked to the floor."You are absolutely drenched darling." She said to him. He chuckled."Yeah, I forgot my umbrella at home unfortunately.""Maybe you should go to the toilets and dry yourself up by using the hand dryers. Find me after you're done so I can give you the stuff you need,""Okay, thanks." He said as he walked out of the room.As soon as the door shut the whispering flooded in."Holy shit he is fucking gorgeous," I heard one of the girls say."I want him.""Bitch, he's mine."I looked at Alice who was across the room at the front of the classroom in which he stood at. She was looking at me and she mouthed the word 'wow' to me so I mouthed back 'I know'.The bell rang and we all got up and went out of form to our first class of the day which was our GCSE lesson."He. Is. Fucking. Sexy." Alice expressed."I think everyone found him sexy," I replied."I hope his personality doesn't ruin that though," She said."True. A pretty face with a dumb personality instantly makes them ugly." I rationalised.Alice nodded her head in agreement."See you later," she said as she skipped to her catering class.My lesson was history and I was disappointed to see that Edward wasn't in my class. But I'm glad because he is way too much of a distraction for me. I probably won't take my eyes off him. My lessons dragged on and I caught up with a few familiar faces. He wasn't in my maths or english class either. That meant two things. Because I am in set two for both of those subjects, he is either smarter than me by being in the top class or dumber than me. There's always going to be people who are smarter and dumber than you. Every class I went to were all talking about Edward. The girls saying how hot and flawless he is and the guys either envying him or liking him because he was sporty. From the information I gathered from the people who have already met Edward and have talked to him, he loves football and basketball and is a regular gym goer. He also doesn't have a type and moved school because he didn't like his school and when they asked him why, he wouldn't answer. He is very charming and amiable, a social butterfly that isn't very open about revealing information about himself. What surprised people was that Edward didn't hang around with the popular group at break. He stayed with the quiet and smart boy group. This gave me the impression of him being very intelligent. A guy with looks and brains. Now you don't see that everyday.Before I knew it, it was time for lunch."Mmm, macaroni and chesse. The only thing I will ever miss when we leave school is this." Alice pointed to her food.I chuckled as I stabbed my jacket potato with my fork."Everyone's been talking about the new guy." I said."Well duh! He's perfect!"Just then Edward walked through the canteen doors with Jasper and Emmett. Two guys I get on really well with. The whole canteen erupted with whispers and giggles. All eyes were on him as he walked up to the que and got his food. He looked incredibly uncomfortable. He said something to Jasper and Emmett and they nodded and all walked out the canteen. There was something so much more to Edward than meets the eye. I thought that he would be an asshole because he was attractive, but I was wrong. That just proves to never judge a book by it's cover."Is he in any of your classes?" I asked."He's just in my english. He got put next to Tanya who was recklessly flirting with him."Tanya is a confident girl who gets along with everyone, but there's just something about her that infiltrates me. She hasn't done anything to me but her presence just annoys me and I don't know why. She's an average looking girl with light brown hair and brown eyes. She's described as being really nice, but there's just something evil about her to me.Alice is also in top set english so my accusation of him being smart was correct."I think he's in your next lesson," she announced."Science?""Yep. He's in top set for everything so far so I wouldn't be surprised if he's in top set science with you" she put forth.I bit my lower lip. There's only one seat left in our science class and that seat is right opposite me on my table. I gulped. This is so great. I am going to make a fool out of myself in front of a guy that I am starting to like. With my awkward nature and my ability to turn red in an instant should really help me out. Note the sarcasm. At least I'm not the only one on my table. The table is hexagon shaped so there's a few people sitting on each table. On my table there is me, Ben, Jessica, Angela and Mike. Me and Jessica are really close and Angela is mostly in her own little world. Ben and Mike never fail to flirt with me every lesson. I find it incredibly irritating when they do it. No matter how many times I express to them that I will never go for them, they don't listen! So add Edward on the table and he'll probably think that I use guys. Great. Thank you God! It's probably a good time to mention that I still have the same classes, teachers and seating plan as the previous year because my school rolls like that."Do you think Edward and Tanya will go out?" I asked.Alice shrugged. "They would make a good couple."I mentally smacked Alice with a shovel."I know you don't like her, but come on. You know that I can't lie to you,""Well thank you for your honesty," I scolded.She shrugged.We kept talking about other things and then the dreaded bell rang. I walked to science trying to keep my breathing in check."Bella!""Jessica!"We gave each other a long tight hug."Hey babe, how have you been?" She asked."Good, good," I replied."Have you heard? The new boy, you know, the fit one, he's in our class!" she cheered. "He's so beautiful."I laughed. We were talking for a while outside our science class and then I heard Jessica's breath hitch and at the same time she grabbed my arm."There he is," she whispered into my ear.Holy fuck. I couldn't stop ogling at him and I knew I wasn't the only one. Me and Jessica were standing in front of the line and he came to a stop at the end of the line."Is this Mr Demitriou's class?" He asked a boy called Oliver.Oliver nodded.They began talking to each other as me and Jessica as well as the other girls in our class, were just staring at him."I want to eat him." Jessica said. I gave a her a weird look but she didn't see as she was too busy staring at Edward. I figured that I should stop acting desperate so I looked away and faced the front. That's when I noticed how many other girls were staring and smiling. I shook my head and began playing with my fingers.Mr Demitriou finally arrived and we all sat down in our spaces. He was the last one in."Hi sir. My name is Edward Cullen. I'm new here." I tried really hard to focus on getting my stuff out of my bag, but it was too difficult."Hello Edward. I'm Mr Demitriou. Now since you are in first set, I expect a lot from you so please do not let me down.""Yes sir," he smiled."Glad we're on the same page here. Okay, you can sit next too..." He paused as his eyes searched the room for a seat. Then his eyes rested exactly where I said they would. Right opposite me. "Mike,"Edward's eyes looked at the direction sir was pointing at and he made his way toward my table. He still didn't see me. He got the strap of his Nike bag and pulled it over his head. He put his bag on the table and took out his note pad and his pen. He then threw his bag on the floor and sat in his assigned seat. It gave me chills knowing that he was going to sit there for the whole year. He still didn't look at me or anyone on the table, instead, he looked down."Okay class, today we are going to be learning about radiation."The whole class groaned and I saw a crooked smile creep up on Edward's face. His eyes still firmly locked onto his lap."Now does anyone know the order of the electromagnetic spectrum?"My hand instantly shot up. Mr Demitriou nodded at me. "Radio waves, microwaves, infrared radiation, visible light, ultraviolet radiation, X-rays and gamma radiation" I answered.Everyone looked at me, including Edward. I looked back at him and gave him a small smile. He smiled back and ran his hand through his hair and looked back down again. Baby steps.Mr Demitriou kept going over information I already knew. I read my module for science in the summer holidays. You know, just to be prepared and have a kick start in what to expect in the final exam. We were all scribbling down notes and at one point my hand got tired so I stopped and looked up only to see Edward staring at me. He realised that I caught him staring consequently, his eyes instantly shot down and he began writing again. I could feel a blush coming."Okay, there are some sheets on your tables. You have twenty minutes to complete all of them." Mr Demitriou ordered. We all got our sheets and then the conversations started flowing around the room."So, Bella. How have you been?" Ben smirked. I noticed that Edward kind of stopped writing for a second when Ben said that and he slightly turned his head towards Ben whilst carrying on with his work.I rolled my eyes at him."Aw come on Bella. What have you been up to?" Mike broke in.I knew that they wouldn't stop until they got an answer."Nothing." I replied."Oh please. We know that you got up to some naughty things in the summer holidays." Ben grinned. I saw that Edward peered up at me."In your dreams." I spat."Oh trust me, I dream." Mike winked at me."Ugh.""Oh my god that is so disgusting Mike!" Jessica jumped in."That's no way to treat a woman." Angela noted."Come on it was just a joke!" Mike claimed as he swung back in his chair.We rolled our eyes."So you're the new guy?" Jessica said.Edwards head popped up and he looked Jessica straight in the eye. She straightened up."Uh yeh... I am." He replied."Well my name is Jessica and then there's Mike, Ben, Angela and Bella." She pointed at all of us when she said our names."Nice to meet you all," Edward said as he looked at each one of us."Hi," I said.His forest green eyes landed on my brown ones.He gave me a heart warming smile. "Hello," He said with a light voice.The table went quiet as me and Edward kept looking at each other."Hey dude, not to burst your bubble but she's mine." Mike said.My face dropped and I unwillingly looked away from Edward to Mike."Go fuck yourself," I spat.Mike put his arms around my shoulders and kissed my cheek."I love it when you tease me," He grinned"Ughhhhhhhhh"Edward chuckled."I see that you have something going on here. Sorry." Edward said to me."No." I quickly said. "There's nothing between me and him"Mike put his hand to his heart."You have broken me," he fake sobbed.I just smiled. Mine and Mike's relationship is just banter nothing else."So Edward, what brings you here?" Angela asked curiously."Just... wanted to go to a new school," Edward shrugged, but I could tell that there was more to the story."Do you have a girlfriend?" Jessica asked.Edward chuckled "Um not at the moment, no."Jessica gasped. "How can a guy like you not be in a relationship!?"We all laughed."Have you ever had a girlfriend?" Angela asked."Yes. But my past relationships didn't last long." He replied carelessly."You must love all the attention you're getting here then," I said abruptly. Oh crap. My eyes widened and I put my hands to my mouth. Everyone looked at me in shock."I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way it just came out. I'm sorry."Edward looked away awkwardly "Uh don't worry about it..."See. This is why me and a good looking boy don't mix well."All I see on this table is constant chatting." Mr Demitriou said disappointedly."Sorry sir," we all said simultaneously."Get on with your work." He demanded.We all looked down and began working.The whole class became quiet when Mr Demitriou told off the rest so no one spoke a word until the end of science. I still felt guilty about what I said to Edward and I wanted him to know that I was truly sorry for what I said."Edward," I called.He was putting on his bag. "Yes?""Look, it's killing me not knowing what you are thinking about me right now. I just want you to know that I am not a heartless bitch""It alright Bella. Like I said, don't worry about it." I felt a tingling sensation inside me when he said my name."Yeh. Um sure... right. Thanks." Talk about losing my cool."Um... I'll see you around then," Edward smiled."Yeh. See you around.""Bye,""Bye,"With one last smile he walked out the classroom."Oh my god Bella!" Jessica squealed. "Do you realise how many times I caught him staring at you in science!?""Who Edward?""Yes!" She shouted. "How did you do it? Keep your eyes off him? I think that's what made him stare at you a lot. You weren't giving him the attention that loads of people have been giving him today!"I started laughing. "Oh Jessica. Sure I find him insanely attractive, but you know me, more focused on work," I admitted. We began walking out of science and I noticed that many girls in our science class were just shooting me death glares."You know everyone saw him staring at you by the way,""Great. So now I become the most hated girl in school because everyone wants him.""They are just jealous. Ignore them." She whispered.It's deranged what jealousy can do to people. I am friends with these girls and now all they want to do is murder me just because one guy was looking at me. I have done nothing wrong, yet I am getting the blame."I think Tanya is going to up her game when she hears about him staring at you," Jessica concluded."I wouldn't be surprised," I said."Personally, I think you and Edward make a better couple,""Dude, it's his first day here and he's already linked with people!" I laughed.My final lesson was IT and the word about me and Edward seemed to have quickly spread because people were asking me questions about me and him. I couldn't wait for it to be the end of the day.It was finally form time. Most people were there and sitting in their places and I could see Tanya continuously staring at me. Even when I looked back her, she would still keep her gaze which was a bit intimidating. Edward finally walked in and that's when Tanya's attention got diverted from me to him. A massive smile plastered on her face. I couldn't help but to roll my eyes.Edward asked Mrs Bradley where he would sit and guess what. Because I sit next to no one and I am all by myself at the back, she decided to place me and Edward together. Of course Tanya got pissed and of course Alice turned around and winked at me and of course everyone looked at me. I started playing with my fingers and looked down. This situation was very apprehensive for me. He slowly made his way to me and I heard him put his bag on the table and sit down next to me. Not once did I look at him."Can everyone please face the front!" Mrs Bradley barked. Moments like these, I'm glad we have bickering teachers."Hello Bella," He greeted."Hi... Edward," I replied sheepishly, still not making eye contact.I could feel his stare on me and my face was getting hotter. There was a moment of awkward silence but he decided to break that. "Do you still think that I hate you?" He raised his eyebrow.That made me look at him. His big green eyes pierced into mine and his face looked hard. "Well I don't." He finished."I never said that I think you hate me," I said. His face softened a bit."I just... got that impression. Sorry.""Don't be. It was my fault for saying what I said before. I'm sorry." I replied."Okay, you need to stop beating yourself up for that," He laughed."Yes sir," I gave him a salute.His laugh was intoxicating. I would just love to listen to him laugh all day."Thank you," He said.I furrowed my eyebrows "Er... for what?" I asked."For being the first girl to be normal around me today," He gave me a crooked smile that made me lose focus for a while."No problem," I replied softlyAll a sudden he squinted his eyes shut for a moment and put his hand to his stomach. He looked like he was in pain."Hey are you okay?" I asked in concern.A few seconds past and he let out a huge sigh as he readjusted himself in the chair."Yeah I'm fine," He replied."It didn't look like it,""Don't worry," He said.I decided not to push him further even though I knew that there was something wrong with him."Okay," I muttered.We stopped talking and after a while he looked like he was in a deep thought."It's time to go home. I will see you all tomorrow!" Mrs Bradley announced.With that said everyone got up and began leaving the room. Me and Edward didn't say a word to each other."Spill," Alice ordered."Nothing happened," I retorted."Oh please, come on tell me!" She tested."For real, nothing happened." I repeated.She raised her eyebrow at me."Seriously!? Why don't you believe me?!""Okay, okay," She threw her hands in the air. "I believe you,""Thank you,""I'll see you tomorrow," She hugged me goodbye."See you." I said."So how was school?" My mum, Renee, asked."Meh, the norm," I replied.Me, Renee and my dad Charlie were sitting around the table having dinner."Do you have any homework?" Charlie asked."Yep," I said popping the 'p'I finished dinner and helped mum with the cleaning and washing up. As soon as I done that I raced upstairs and hit the books, completely disregarding my homework. Before I knew it, it was night. I hit the lights and brushed my teeth and went to bed. I couldn't help but to dream about Edward. His face, his hair, his body, his eyes, his beautiful smile... just him. But there was something dark in my dream. A darkness creeping up behind him. It couldn't reach him, it was too far away, but I couldn't help the feeling of knowing that there's something wrong, that something bad is going to happen.
