Hello again! Obviously, this is a new story of mine. It bit me in the ass last week and it won't let go, so I thought I'd share it with you. I have no idea where it's going, which is unusual for me. I know there won't be any angst, because we all know I'm a wimp for that, but yeah . . . who knows where this will take me.I don't have a beta/pre-reader for this, because she's up to her neck in finishing her novel! :D texasbella, you get your ass in this story and I'll find a way to kick your it. We need Surreal ASAP! Lol.I don't own anything, of course, but I do like playing with the characters ;)"How're you doing, Little Sis?" Edward asked as he looked over the table to the small girl sitting opposite him. She smiled brilliantly back at him before taking a small fry from his plate."So much better. The doctor said it would take a long while to get my energy back to normal levels, but between you and the parentals, it seems to be covered," Alice replied and Edward calmed a little.When he got the call two months ago that his little sister had been rushed to hospital, he dropped everything to be by her side.Growing up, he had been incredibly close to her. They were born seven years apart and as the older brother, he took his role very seriously.When Alice was admitted to hospital with a ruptured ovarian cyst, he knew he had to be there. The doctor Alice had at the time was a complete fool and sent her home with mild painkillers. He refused to believe it was any worse than a bad case of period pains."Eight weeks is little to no time to recover from that type of surgery, blood poisoning and blood loss, Alice. We have to do everything we can to make you fit as a fiddle," Edward replied with a shy smile.Edward may have been over protective and headstrong when it came to Alice, but it worked both ways. He knew that Alice would be there whenever he needed her.It's just how they worked."I know, Edward and I can't thank any of you enough." Alice replied meekly, stealing another fry.Across town, the rain fell like a sheet, sticking to anything it could.A cop, new on the job, pulled a dark haired woman from her car. He couldn't believe he'd found her like this.The evidence of her drinking clear in her voice as she slurred and stumbled about the ground."People like you make me sick," he spat as he turned her on the spot and went to cuff her, never taking his eyes off the small infant in the back of the car.Once the woman was secure and cuffed, he searched her for ID."So, Isabella Biers, looks like you're in a whole lot of trouble."
