So I have read a lot of twilight fanfiction over the years and never considered writing anything. But this little bunny started hopping and I couldn't get it to stop. I haven't really ever written any stories, so if it sucks, at least I get it out of my head. Sorry for any typos.Characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. I'm just along for the ride."Fuck!""Please, baby I need this." A touch of desperation in my voice.I skimmed my fingers over her gorgeous curves. Jesus, she was beautiful. Deep breath. You can do this damn it!"I need you to come alive for me."One more push. One more try. Just a little more. So damn close, I could feel it."Fuck!"My head hung down. My breathing heavy. Shit. I was going to fucking explode.From the moment I saw her across the room, I knew. I knew I had to have her. I knew it deep down inside. She was stunning in red. Sleek. Powerful. Amazing. I couldn't take my eyes off her. I played it cool as I walked toward her. I couldn't show all my cards at once. She was going to be mine, and as much as I wanted her, I didn't want to look desperate. A handshake. An introduction, a few choice words. She was beautiful inside as well as out. A little banter and bargaining and she was mine. Like there was ever any doubt.Now here I was. I can't believe I'm in this situation. What the fuck was I going to do? I have never had this problem before. I am always in control. Always calm as a fucking cucumber. But my control was about to snap. Come on, Masen, hold it together. I looked in the mirror above me. This is ridiculous."Don't be a bitch, sweetheart. Make it worth my while."I tried again and. . . nothing.Fucking Great.Alright. It was time to get my shit together. I opened the door and stepped out. I took a deep breath and ran my hands through my already messy hair and pulled. I turned to look at her. I had to hold myself back from doing something I would regret. Enough damage was done.I looked at my surroundings. I had no idea where I was. I picked up my phone. No service.I yelled at the top of my lungs. Let out all the aggression I was feeling. Better.Now, what the fuck do I do? I couldn't walk away. She was worth too much. Someone would steal her away from me. I started to pace. We've come so far, but we still had a long way to go and not a lot of time to do it. Shit!I held my phone in the air and started walking in circles around her like a crazy person."Please, please, please. Come on. Just one bar. Give me something."Then I hear a rumble behind me. I look over my shoulder and see a huge black truck coming to a stop next to me. The kind of truck rednecks drive with the jacked up frames and huge tires. Gun rack in the back window. Some sort of deer decal on the side window. The guy behind the wheel was huge. And had a scowl on his face. Fucking great.I saw his lips move but I couldn't hear a damn thing over the loud engine."What?" I yelled.He cut the engine so I could hear him."Car trouble?" He was looking over my baby. Scrutinizing."Yeah. I don't know what happened. She just sputtered and came to a stop. I barely made it to the side of the road in time." I shrugged."Not surprising. What kind of car is that? European? Those European cars aren't made for shit." He drawled out European so it sounded more like Yur-peein'."Its a 1952 Stanguellini Road Racer." How the hell could he insult something so beautiful?"Huh, figures. Never heard of it. Stick with American. They never let you down. You need a ride?" He asked.I had no fucking clue where I was. Not even what state I was in. I think I saw a sign a while back for Kentucky. Tennessee maybe?"Um. Well, I hate to leave her out hear alone. How far to the nearest town?" The thought of leaving my baby off the side of the road made me queasy and the thought of jumping into some redneck rad-mobile made me a little nervous."About 10 miles to Gloryville," He pointed the direction he was going. "I could go get Sam from the auto body shop and have him bring his tow truck out."I blew out a huge breath. "That would be great. I'd appreciate it man." I said relief in my voice."Name's Emmett McCarty." He stuck his hand out the window."Edward Masen." I took his hand in mine and tried not to wince when he gripped it."Be back in an hour." And then he started up the loud-as-fuck engine and drove off.As I sat in the car and waited for Emmett to come back with the tow truck, I thought about the trip so far. I recently completed my residency in reconstructive surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital. I landed a job with the Aro Group in Los Angeles, the top plastic surgery firm in the country. I had a couple weeks before I officially started so after years of grueling work through college, med school, and my residency I decided to throw caution to the wind and take a road trip across the country to L.A.I walked into the dealership prepared to buy something with some luxury but I wasn't prepared for the beauty that was my Stanguellini. It felt like a scene out of a movie. Light shined, chorus of angelic voices, all that shit. I had never seen anything so fucking beautiful in my life. It didn't matter that it wasn't for sale, it was only on display. I wanted it, it was going to be mine.So here I was, three days later in bumfuck nowhere, U.S.A. It had been a good trip so far. Good weather, beautiful scenery, even the hot waitress I met at the diner last night and took back to my hotel for a little fun wasn't too bad. Now this.This road trip was supposed to be about figuring out who I was, more than anything. After years of busting my ass to be the best at everything, I wasn't quite sure who I was, what I wanted out of life. I thought maybe some time alone to just be for awhile would do me some good.My parents didn't understand it. My father was a workaholic. He was a lawyer for one of the top firms in Boston and hadn't had a vacation in at least 10 years. My mother wasn't much better. She took socialite wife to another level. She had to be on the board of at least five charities and organizations. Needless to say, they didn't get my desire to take time off and "figure myself out." But they were definitely more amenable to the idea since there was a prestigious job at the end of it. I was excited to start over somewhere new. Somewhere that wasn't under my father's thumb and my mother's scrutiny. And Los Angeles was about as far away as I could get.I tilted my head back and looked up at the sky. Crystal clear blue. Even though I was in the middle of nowhere, I had to admit it was pretty country.I heard a car coming. I looked out the small windshield and saw a tow truck coming my way. Thank fucking god.The truck drove past, turned around and pulled over in front of me. Uley Automotive was printed on the side of the door that opened to a tall lanky man about my age. He sauntered toward me asking, "Need a tow?" No shit Sherlock."Uh. Yeah that would be great."I saw Emmett jump out of the passenger side of the truck. "Told ya Sammy. Fuckin' European cars."Sam just nodded and started getting to work loading my car. "Yup." A man of many words.They got my beauty loaded up after nearly giving me a heart attack when she was reeled in.We Jumped in the truck and headed into town. Emmett sat in the middle and chattered away in that drawl that made it difficult for me to keep up with the conversation."Pickles, Nutella, and Peach juice." I wasn't quite sure if that was was what he had for lunch or... what."That's what my Rosie was craving when she was pregnant with our first," answering my unspoken question."Popsicles and hot sauce with the second." He stated next, "Makes sense now. Little Riley is fire and ice. Gonna pull all my hair out before I turn 40 thanks to him.""Mm-hm," Sam joined in."Sam's wife Emily is pregnant with their first," he said to me. "She's been having weird cravings for- what was it?" He asked Sam."Ketchup," his one-word answer."Ketchup! Fuckin' Ketchup on everything! Even on Shelley's famous apple pie!" He declared in dismay."That's completely normal. Some think its a correlation between cravings and nutritional requirements for the baby. Don't worry, its not harmful." Yep, that just came right out.Emmett gawked at me. "You some kinda doctor?" he asked."Yes. Actually, I am." Top of my class dude.Next thing I know, Emmett is asking my how to cure all sorts of ailments. This kind of thing happened a lot, but never in so much, um, detail. I learned more about Emmett in that short ride than I ever wanted to.I saw the town come into view. Thank God.As we got closer I saw the "Welcome to Gloryville Population: 3,572" sign. Well, this will be an adventure.
