A/N: Hi you guys, I just want to thank you for giving my story a chance, I havn't done a story in a while, so I hope you like it. Please review! (This story takes place shortly after breaking Dawn when Renesmee is actually 3 but looks about 8)POV: BellaI looked down at the tiny body in front of me wondering how it happened. How this could have happened. Edward looked up and apologized. "I'm so sorry Bella, I wish I could have stopped her." he gave me the sweet scared face in front of me. I said nothing. I did not move an inch; I had grown still, just as he had taught me when I was still human."Bella, Please answer me. At least show me some sign that you are at least alive. Please, she wouldn't take him. Please Bell forgive me." He pleaded. Using the nickname that he had given me."Don't you dare call me Bell after you have left and did this." I growled.I'd hurt him, I could see it on his face, "Isabella, you know what happened," he said sternly, he never actually used my full name unless he was serious. "You have heard the rumors. They are not true. I would never ever leave you or Ness. I just never thought she would get his far. Bella, please let me tell you the whole story," he pleaded once more."You left me Edward you left me yet again Ed-" he cut my sentence off."Not on purpose. She took me. She took me away. Please Isabella, let me tell you the entire story. Please." I waited not saying anything letting I'm know that he could continue."Tanya did this, she made me make this thing, killing a human in the process, she wouldn't let me try to save her, she wanted you to leave me. After you saw him." he paused. "She took a torch and told me to lie down and to not move a muscle. She said that she was going to give me a treat. Soon enough she came back with your scent. There was a little more sour than yours but it was close enough." he paused again.Before he continued, I interrupted him again. "Wait here I want to make sure you are not lying." I quickly called up Maggie from the Irish coven that had helped us fight with Renesmee. Luckily enough, she was close by, just having visited that Denali coven and would be able to make down within the next hour. "Maggie is on her way. Hold your story until then. And I want that thing out of my house until I know that your story is true.""Bella, you know me better than everyone, I would never lie to you." he pleaded."I thought I did Edward, I thought I did. You have lied to me. You told me you didn't love me, that day in the woods and then you left. Just like you did now. With no note, no explanation. I went down to Esme and Carlisle and they said that you had been there and just ran out with no explanation. Now I want you out of this house." That broke him. After my wrath I showed him the door and ran to Renesmee. Fearing that I might have scared her.She was awake and dressed. "Mommy, who was that?" she asked me.I was too raw for that question; Shutting out Edward was the hardest thing I had ever done. So I just told her, "Someone who wanted to hurt us, but it's okay now Ness. Mommy's made it all better." I picked up Renesmee and brought her to the table to eat her breakfast that I was now just starting to cook for her.I made her some potatoes and some eggs her favorite. Although that would seem weird to me, even as a human.Maggie arrived just on time as Renesmee was just finishing her breakfast. "Maggie, Maggie, Maggie" she said and her eyes lit up. Maggie ran over to Nessie and lifted her up spinning her and giving her a bear hug, just like Emmett.After the two had greeted each other, Maggie came over to me. Ness on her hip, "What's up?" she asked me. I quickly glanced at Nessie and back to her, "Oh," she paused, "Hey Ness why don't you go pick up your dolls while I talk to your mommy. I'm positive that you got some new ones why don't you go get them and I will be there in a little bit to come look at them."Sometimes I wondered why Maggie hadn't decided to adopt a child as a vampire, sure she was only twenty, but Carlisle was only twenty-two.As Renesmee ran to her room at top speed Maggie turned to me, "So?" she asked."Edward left me." she gasped and looked at me as I nodded. Just a few months ago. I was disappointed that he left me, and just as I was starting to accept the fact that he was never coming back, he arrives in the middle of the night in my kitchen and tells me some story about what happened, and right now, I am just not sure if I believe him so I called to see if you would tell me if he was lying" I paused letting the info sink in, and allowing her to answer."Wow, Bella, I never knew how much drama you had in your life. I'll do it. But I think that if I make Nessie wait any longer, she is going to throw a hissy fit." she said."Go!" I said laughing as I imagined Renesmee marching in here with her dolls with her pouty face on and dragging her back.Edward showed up not twenty minutes later. Maggie came with me to answer the door. He was as always strikingly beautiful, until I looked down and remembered what he had done to me. Maggie spoke for me; "Edward, you may come in." she spoke harshly.Edward frowned but walked through the door having not spoken a word. That is when Maggie saw the thing that made me call her in the first place. The thing clinging to Edwards's back that was obviously not human. That had his beautiful shocking bright green eyes, the thing I had dreamed of on Isle Esme. The smaller version of Edward. The most beautiful thing that would never be mine. His son. "Bella please" He started. I put one hand up to stop him.Please review! Let me know if this is good or bad and if I should continue Thanks for reading! If people like this story, then I think that I will post again sometime later in the week Thanks! Please Review!
