Sleepovers Disclaimer: all characters and copyright belong to Stephanie Meyer.Bella woke up to the familiar sensation of being crushed. She sighed as she twisted her head round to look at the boy lying spooned behind her. He had one arm thrown over her waist and his legs were tangled with hers. How did this happen? Every freaking night! Bella tapped him on his bare chest, his shirt had gone missing again. How did he manage it without her knowing about it? "Six o'clock." She hissed. "You need to leave before my dad gets up.""Ten more minutes." Jacob mumbled as he buried his face in the crook of her neck. "I'm tired."Bella elbowed him again. "Jake. You have to go. Charlie will freak if he finds you in here."An irritated sigh left Jacob's lips as he untangled himself from Bella and rolled onto his back. He rubbed his eyes and yawned. Bella sat up in bed and pushed her tangled hair out of her face. "How would you even know if Victoria sneaked into my room? You are always so out of it? And where's your shirt?" She complained.Jacob grinned at her as he sat up too and reached out and ruffled her hair. "Aww is little Bells having a moment?" He teased her. "I know you can't keep your hands off of my hot body. You must have undressed me in the night.""Ugh." Bella clenched her teeth. "I should never have invited you to sleep in my bed in the first place. It's only because I felt sorry for you being stuck out there when you have to watch over me.""That was just an excuse and you know it." Jacob winked at her flirtatiously as he leapt up from the bed and stretched, flexing his muscles for Bella's benefit. She glared at him as she tried not to ogle him at the same time. "You love having my warm body pressed to yours. You're all over me by the morning."""That's you, not me." Bella complained. "I stay on my own side of the bed every time. It's you who doesn't know how to respect boundaries." A sly look crossed Bella's face. He wasn't the only one who could tease. "The others know not to move to my side of the bed."Jacob froze, his eyes darkening as he looked at her. "Others? What others?""Well I couldn't leave the others out there in the cold either. I just felt too guilty. Quil and Embry especially are grateful. If you know what I mean?" Bella winked at him this time as she climbed clumsily out of her bed."Quil and Embry sleep over too." Jacob's voice was full of jealousy. "I've never smelt them in here.""Oh I make sure to wash the sheets, Jake. Puhleese." Bella rolled her eyes and tried to hide the smirk off of her face.Suddenly Bella found her world turning upside down as Jacob grabbed her and threw her on the bed. She stared up at him in shock as he straddled her. "Take it back." He demanded as he pinned her arms above her head."No." Bella glared triumphantly up at him."Yes." Jacob whispered fiercely. "It's only me you let in here. Say it."Bella was surprised that he believed that she would let anyone else in her room, but by the way he was acting he actually seemed to. "No Jake it's not just you. The other night I had the whole darn pack in here bundled up in bed with me. I was very warm then, hot in fact." She retorted.A grin crossed Jacob's face as he let go of her hands and began to tickle her mercilessly. Bella began to thrash around begging for mercy. He laughed at her as he suddenly let go and ran for the window. "See ya tonight, Bells." He winked at her as he jumped straight out the window."Huh?" Bella felt totally confused. Why had he run off like that?Her question was answered when Charlie opened the door and barged in. His hair was standing up all around his head and his eyes were bleary. "What's going on, kiddo?" He demanded as he glanced around the room.Bella sat upright and gave him a forced smile. Damn Jacob Black! "Nothing dad." She mumbled."Why were you making all that noise?" Charlie asked."Um...don't know." Bella shrugged as her face began to heat up. Ugh, why did she constantly have to blush when she was lying?Charlie didn't seem to notice. He was too tired. He ran a hand through his hair and yawned. "Alright it seems that you are not under attack. I'm going back to bed for another ten min..." his voice tailed off as his eyes caught something that was rumpled on the floor.Bella watched in morbid fascination as Charlie bent down and picked up a large black t-shirt that obviously wasn't one of Bella's. He let it dangle on the end of his finger as he waved it in front of her. "What is this?" He demanded."I've never seen that before." Bella's face reddened further.Charlie's jaw clenched as he took in the scene before him. His cop face took over his expression as he stared at the open window, which was so wide a herd of elephants could have flown through it. He then examined the t-shirt more closely. He peered at the label. In Billy's clear neat handwriting the words Property of Jacob Black could be seen. Bella saw the familiar vein that ran across her father's forehead begin to bulge as he put two and two together. "I see we've had a late night visitor." He seethed. "Well perhaps we should return the property of Jacob damn Black.""Dad I honestly don't know how it got there." Bella stuttered."Really?" Charlie's voice was too calm. "Get ready, kiddo. We are paying the Black's an early morning call."Bella put her head in her hands. Jake was doomed.Billy was none too pleased about having someone banging on his door at seven in the morning. He'd had a late night staying up drinking with some of the other elders. It was supposed to have been a serious meeting, but Jeremiah had brought some booze and soon they were all merry and harking back to the old days. Old Quil had passed out and had to be ferried home by one of his many relatives. Billy saw his son sitting at the kitchen table eating his way through a mountain of toast."Why aren't you answering the damn door?" He complained.Jacob shrugged. "You needed to get up."Billy glared at him as he rolled his chair toward the door. "Alright, I'm coming." He yelled out. He opened the door to find Charlie and a worried looking Bella on his doorstep. "Chief?""Ah Billy." Charlie said in greeting as he strolled straight past him and entered the house."Hey." Billy was outraged. "Who said you could come in?"Charlie whipped his head round and gave him a weird smile. "This." He shook a piece of black material at him. "This said I could come in."Billy put a hand to his aching head. Charlie had lost it. He knew it was bound to happen at some point. He did have a high pressured job after all. The man had gone mad. He glanced up at Bella, who was still standing on the doorstep, an anxious look on her face. "What's going on?" He asked her."Jake isn't home is he?" She muttered."Yes, he's in there eating half the house. Why?" Billy's eyes narrowed.Bella clapped her hands over her eyes and groaned. "You'll find out soon enough."A/N-this story was suggested by one of my readers. I want to make it more interactive for you guys. What do you think should happen next? Don't worry I'm still working on 'Back to December.' LOL ;) This is just a bit of fun.
