PLEASE READ: So, I have been MIA for a really long time and I'm not sure if anyone is still interested in reading anything I post, but this is a sequel to my story "Fall Into Me." You might want to read that before you read this, but it probably isn't necessary. I haven't written the second chapter yet, but I wanted to post the first to gage everyone's reaction. If it's terrible, I'll take it down. However, if you guys enjoy it, I will continue with what I have planned. Please let me know what you think.Disclaimer: I own nothing associated with Twilight.Chapter One"Come on, Johanna, don't be such a baby," Piper Wilson said with a grin on her pretty face, her blonde hair rustling around her face thanks to the wind. "It's not that far down.""Yeah, and if you jump far enough there's no way the wind will blow your fat ass anywhere near the rocks," Greg Barker added, which caused a round of laughter to echo in Johanna Brooks' ears as her face burned in embarrassment. She tugged at the hem of her t-shirt, her eyes moving towards her twin brother, Jon, for some sort of support; however, as usual Jon was stone faced and practically glaring at her as he stood with his arm lazily around Piper's trim waist.Of course, Jon didn't say anything to temper or stop his friends' ill treatment of his sister. He never stopped them from picking on Johanna because she was overweight. He never stopped them from making fun of her usually quiet nature. However, it hadn't always been that way but since sixth grade Jon had become too cool to care about how his 'friends' treated his sister. Jon was now a star basketball player and he was far more popular with their fellow students at Forks High School than Johanna was. Johanna was a bit of a loner and quite often forgotten about unless Jon's friends decide to make her a target. She didn't mind being alone all that much and while Johanna wasn't really shy, the reason behind the fact that she was pretty much friendless was primarily thanks to Piper and her small clique of girlfriends, which was a long story in itself."If she can even jump that far," Ian Marshall threw in, which led to another round of laughter."I-I don't want to jump," Johanna said as she shook her head. "I-I'll just watch you guys." She was afraid of heights and even the thought of going anywhere near the edge of the cliff caused Johanna's heart to race, so, never in a million years would she be able to actually jump off of it."She's such a loser. Why did you even let her come today, Jon?" Piper asked as she looked up at him and Jon sighed heavily."Trust me, I didn't want to," Jon said and Johanna looked at him with slight hurt in her eyes. However, she shouldn't have expected anything less from Jon. Their parents often insisted that Jon include her in the things that he did since they knew she had no friends of her own. Most of the time they'd leave the house together and he would just drop her off at the library or something, but she had wanted to go to the beach to enjoy the nice weather that late June day, so, she had tagged along. Now, she was wishing she would have just gone to the library. "Go back down to the beach," Joe said as his icy blue eyes met the soft jade green eyes of his sister. "Find something to do and I'll text you when I'm ready to go." Johanna nodded and made to pick up her bag and leave when Boyd Taylor grabbed her left arm."The only way down is to jump, Johanna," Boyd said with a smile that was not at all pleasant before he started dragging Johanna towards the edge and panic filled Johanna as she struggled against Boyd's grip. Boyd was strong and his grip was firm as he managed to drag her towards the cliff's edge. Everyone was laughing at her panic filled protests and Johanna had started to cry out of fear as Boyd roughly tugged her to the edge of the cliff."N-no, no, no, please Boyd, don't! Stop! Don't!" Johanna cried, but everyone just continued to laugh, even Jon, but before Boyd could shove her off a deep voice silenced the laughter."What the hell is going on here?" the voice yelled and Boyd froze just as he was ready to push her off. Johanna's heartbeat was echoing in her ears as she turned her tear stained cheeks towards the voice to see a young man dressed in jean shorts and a faded red t-shirt. She knew his face because she had seen him around before, but she did not know his name, and his eyes danced over Johanna before he set his hard gaze on Boyd. "Let the girl go, Boyd, and I don't mean for you to shove her off the cliff either," he said, his voice hard like steal.Boyd loosened his grip and Johanna quickly pulled away from him before she took several large and shaky steps away from Boyd and the edge of the cliff. Her tears had thankfully stopped as she stumbled away and she wiped at her eyes with her hands as she quickly moved towards her bag before she crossed her arms around herself, her back towards the group as she did her best to calm her heart and to stop shaking. She couldn't let herself think about what would have happened should that guy not have appeared out of nowhere and stopped Boyd from throwing her off the cliff. One thing that was really throwing her was that Jon hadn't even tried to stop Boyd. He was going to let Boyd throw her off knowing full well how afraid of heights she was."Harry, man, relax. We weren't actually going to throw her off the cliff," Ian said and the young man, Harry, turned his dark gaze to the sandy haired seventeen year old. "We were just having a go with her; right, Johanna?" Ian asked as he looked at the dark haired girl. Johanna looked at Ian only to find his eyes daring her to say otherwise, but Johanna didn't get a chance to say anything."I don't believe you, Ian, because it sure as hell didn't look like you were just 'having a go' with her," Harry said and Ian sighed quietly. "Consider yourself lucky that I'm feeling charitable today and I won't tell your folks, but if I catch you doing anything like this again, not only will I go to your parents, but you'll have to deal with me, Ian.""It was a joke, Harry!" Ian yelled."I don't give a fuck if it was a joke or not," Harry said. "You don't do shit like that to people." Harry turned his eyes to Johanna, who was still shaking slightly, signally that the conversation was over before he walked over to her and put a gentle and very hot hand on her left elbow. She craned her head up to look up him, he was rather tall after all, and he offered her a small smile. "Come on, I'll walk you down to the beach," he said gently and Johanna nodded before she sent her gaze to the ground and started walking away with her rescuer, pausing only to pick up her bag from the rock she had sat it on."Thank you," she said in a soft whisper as they walked down the well-worn trail that led back down to the beach. She wasn't sure if he heard her, but he glanced at her and gave her a small smile."You're welcome," he said. "It's Johanna right?""Yes, and you're Harry?" Johanna asked as she looked up at him and he nodded with his small smile still in place as his brown eyes moved across her face."Don't take this the wrong way, Johanna, but you don't seem like the kind of person to hang out with Ian and his friends.""How do you know Ian?" Johanna asked instead of responding to his statement veiled question."Unfortunately we're related, second cousins or something like that," he said with a shrug of his broad shoulders. "Our dads are cousins, so, I unfortunately have to put up with him on a regular basis.""Oh, I see," Johanna said quietly. She'd stopped shaking as they walked and felt exhausted now that the adrenaline had left her body, but she knew that it would be a long while before Jon would be ready to leave. She would just go and sit by the car to wait for him so he didn't try to leave her behind."So, how do you know Ian and his ass-hat friends?" Harry finally asked after a few quiet beats between them and Johanna snorted a quiet laugh at the name he called the group, but she had to agree that the term fit them."Jon's my brother, I tagged along with them to the beach today because I wanted to enjoy the weather," she said. Johanna had been ignored pretty much the entire day and she hadn't minded because she got to enjoy the soft glow of the sun and gentle breeze coming in off the water as she read her book. It had been a nice day until the group had decided to go cliff diving. Johanna was going to remain on the beach and offered to watch everyone's things so they wouldn't have to pack them up, but Piper had insisted she go with them; and of course Johanna had no choice but to reluctantly agree because Piper was not one that took no for an answer,"Wait a second," Harry said as he stopped walking and gently caught her elbow again to make her stop. She looked up at him and she was surprised to see the slightly disturbed look on his face. "Jon is your brother?" he asked and Johanna nodded."Twin brother actually, and, I know, we look nothing alike aside from our dark hair," Johanna said dryly and Harry's brow furrowed even more."He's your brother and he just stood there and let them do that to you?" he asked. "I would kick their ass if anyone did something like that to my sister." She could see his shoulders tremble slightly and it was obvious that he was pissed."Jon doesn't really like me all that much," Johanna said, trying to defuse his anger, which honestly quite surprised her since she didn't know him. "I don't think he'd let them actually physically hurt me or anything, but . . . he doesn't stop them from doing a lot of things.""That's even worse, Johanna," he said, his brow still furrowed, and Johanna shrugged her shoulders."Short of telling my parents, there's nothing I can really do about it and telling my parents would only make things worse." She decided it was best to continue walking then, unwilling to continue with the conversation. Harry quickly followed and thankfully didn't say anything else about the matter as the pair continued their walk. "Thank you again," Johanna said once they reached the parking area and stopped at the older model Ford Focus that Johanna and Jon shared. Well, they were supposed to share. Jon never let her drive it."You're welcome," Harry said again before he sighed quietly and scratched the back of his neck. "Look, I know you don't know me or anything but . . . I doubt your brother is going to want to leave anytime soon and you're probably going to be sitting here a while. My folks' house is just up the road and my sister's got a couple of her friends over today. Do you want to walk there with me and hang out with them for a while?""I don't know," Johanna said hesitantly. "Your sister probably wouldn't like you bringing some stranger over to crash her get together with her friends.""You don't know Meredith," Harry said with a light laugh and a smile. "She'd be happy to have you over, and Sarah and Lacy are just as welcoming as Meredith. Plus, something tells me that you might just get along well with them." Johanna tossed the idea around in her head for a minute before she found herself nodding."Okay," she said and Harry smiled."Okay," he said back. "Let's go."During their walk, Johanna had learned a little bit more about her rescuer and he in turn learned a little bit more about her. Harry was twenty-three and lived in a house he rented with two of his friends. He worked at the pier as a fishing guide and also worked for his Native American tribe's elders as 'security' with not only his roommates but a few others as well. Johanna's story was a little less interesting. She was seventeen and would be starting her senior year of high school in the fall. She didn't have a job, but she earned an allowance from her parents by performing various chores.As they walked and talked Johanna had done what she did best and subtly studied. He had toffee colored skin, which had led Johanna to believe that he wasn't full Native American, and dark brown, almost black, hair that he wore short and dark brown eyes. He worked out if his broad shouldered and well-muscled form was anything to go by and Johanna knew that he was a little bit over six feet tall.Johanna stood roughly five feet three inches and Jon stood five feet eleven, and standing next to Jon the top of her head reached his shoulders. However, next to Harry her head didn't quite reach his shoulders, short by at least two inches. Johanna wasn't one to put much stock into looks given that she wasn't particularly easy on the eyes, however, she had to admit that Harry was incredibly good looking and had she had Piper's confidence (and looks) she may have flirted with the older boy; but that was not something Johanna would ever do with anyone."Meredith's going into her senior year too," Harry said as they turned down what looked like a gravel driveway. "She's planning on applying to schools out east for college.""You seem like the stereotypical protective older brother, what's your opinion on that?" Johanna asked and Harry chuckled."I'm not exactly thrilled with it," he said. "I'd rather her stay in state and close by, but she's got her eyes set on New York or Boston." Johanna nodded her head in understanding as a simple two story tan colored house came into view as they rounded a bend on the gravel driveway and rested just ahead of them. There was a car and a pickup parked in front of the detached garage and it looked almost picturesque sitting amongst the towering trees around it. "What about you?""I'm probably going to stay in state; it's less expensive if I do that," she said evenly and Harry nodded as the pair made their way up the stairs of the porch. Harry moved in front of her and opened the screen door before he opened the front door of the house, which was unlocked and gestured for Johanna to go in. She smiled up at him in thanks and stepped past him and inside. The open foyer allowed Johanna to see straight into the very homey feeling living room. There were pictures on the wall, a large sofa and a decent sized TV in the room, along with the usual fare one would find in a family's living room."The girls are either out back or up in Meredith's room," Harry said as he stepped inside and closed the door behind him. Johanna took a deep breath through her nose as she nodded, but before Harry could say anything more a girl came walking into the living room/foyer from what Johanna assumed was the kitchen."Harry?" she asked, brow furrowed slightly when her eyes landed on Johanna."Hey, Meri; this is Johanna; Johanna this is my sister Meredith," Harry said and Johanna waved awkwardly as she smiled at the other girl who was tall and toffee skinned, with long ink black hair that fell to her waist and laid pin straight."Hi," Johanna said and Meredith smiled at her then before she looked over Johanna's head with raised eyebrows and hope in her eyes. It wasn't until Johanna noticed Meredith's expression fall slightly that she was curious to look at Harry, but she kept her eyes on the other girl who smiled brightly at her."Well, welcome Johanna," Meredith said. "How'd you have the misfortune of meeting my brother?" she asked as she walked over to where Johanna stood and Johanna laughed as Meredith grinned and crossed her arms in front of her chest."I rescued her from having to put up with Ian and his friends, actually," Harry said and Johanna looked over her right shoulder at him only to find he was looking at his sister. "I thought she could hang out with you for a while this afternoon.""Ugh," Meredith said, drawing Johanna's eyes to her, "knowing Ian's a worse misfortune. I'm sorry you know him and I'm glad Harry rescued you and brought you here. Don't get me wrong, he's my cousin so I have to love him, but the guy's an ass," Meredith added when she noticed Johanna's slightly surprised expression."Don't let Mom hear you talking like that, Meri," Harry said with a smile on his face."Mom's at Aurora and Jake's along with Dad so I'm free to curse all I want," Meredith said her arms uncrossing and her hands going to rest on her jean short clad hips."Mhmm," Harry said. "Are Sarah and Lacy here?""Yeah, out back," she said. "I just came in to make some more lemonade. What to lend a hand, Johanna?" she asked and Johanna nodded. "Let's go then." Meredith smiled and turned around to head back into the kitchen. Johanna took a step to follow, but paused and turned to look at Harry."Told you she'd be happy to have you," Harry said with a warm smile. Johanna, not really knowing what came over herself, stepped over to Harry and hugged him. Harry didn't even stiffen or hesitate to gently wrap his arms around Johanna in return and though his body felt scorching hot against her, she took solace in his embrace. Outside of her parents this was the first bit of genuine kindness she had been on the receiving end for almost eight years and it was all a bit overwhelming, but welcomed at the same time."Thank you," she said into his chest and Harry patted her back reassuringly before she pulled away from him, a small smile on her slightly round face.Her cheeks were flushed red, whether it was from mild embarrassment or from his body heat Harry wasn't sure, but it was an endearing sight. He may have only known the girl for an hour at the most, but he already had a soft spot for her. It was nothing more than brotherly, but it was there and as she turned away from him and quickly made her way into the kitchen Harry decided that he was going to have another chat with his cousin to make sure the idiot knew better than to harass Johanna ever again. The girl needed someone to watch out for her, and after getting to know her a bit he was more than willing to fill that role.Johanna had opted out of telling Meredith and her friends, Sarah Black and Lacy Whitehall, about just how Harry had rescued her from Ian and the others, and thankfully they hadn't really asked. Meredith was just as kind as her brother, if a little more colorful in her personality, and her friends were much the same.Lacy was the craziest of the trio. She was incredibly sweet and a little on the loud side, but she was fun and Johanna had taken an instant liking to the girl. Lacy wasn't much taller than Johanna, which was nice considering the other two girls were on the tall side, but she was thinner than Johanna and like the other girls far prettier. Lacy had a rich russet complexion, straight black hair that rested just above her shoulders, and eyes that were so dark brown they were almost black in color.Sarah was nice and really smart. Johanna had spent a majority of the hours she had spent in Meredith's backyard with the girls talking to Sarah about the various books they had each read. Sarah had promised to loan Johanna her favorite book, a book that Johanna had never heard of before, so that Johanna could read it. Johanna had promised to do the same since Sarah hadn't read Johanna's favorite book either.Sarah was easily the prettiest of the three girls, with a toffee complexion much like Meredith's but lighter and her eyes were dark blue. Her hair was a coppery brown color that Johanna was sure was natural and Sarah was just as tall as Meredith. However, where Meredith was more on the thin yet toned side Sarah was athletic. Sarah danced, having inherited the skill and the love for the art from her mom, but Sarah had said her true passion was teaching. She wanted to be an elementary school teacher and Johanna commended her for it because Johanna still had no idea what she wanted to do with her life."So, Sarah, is JJ still giving you a hard time about Adam im-," Meredith started, but stopped as she glanced at Johanna and cleared her throat. "I mean, is JJ still giving you a hard time about Adam and you dating?""Please don't get me started on that topic," Sarah said as she laid back on the large blanket the girls had spread out in the grass. The sun was now behind clouds that had moved in, but that didn't stop the girls from enjoying the still very nice weather. Lacy and Meredith laughed while Johanna just looked from the chuckling girls to Sarah."Is JJ your brother?" she asked curiously and Sarah lifted her upper body up so it was supported by her elbows and looked at Johanna."Yeah, my older brother who is convinced that I am still eleven years old and shouldn't be involved with boys at all," Sarah said before she sighed quietly and sat up fully."And he doesn't like the guy you're dating," Johanna said, looking more for clarification than anything and Meredith snorted."He liked Adam just fine until the guy ran into Sarah a few months back and was pretty much head over heels for her the second he saw her," Lacy said with a smile on her lips."Speaking of my pain in the ass brother, he's supposed to be picking me up at six," Sarah said. "What time is it?" Johanna had her phone in hand on the off chance that Jon would text her to let her know he was ready to go, but he had yet to do so; and since she had her phone she checked the time."Ten to six," Johanna said and Sarah sighed as she stood."He should be here soon then," Sarah said and without another word the four girls set to cleaning up the small mess they had made and headed inside the house once they had everything. "You know, I'm glad Harry met you and brought you by," Sarah said as she walked alongside Johanna and Johanna smiled slightly as she looked up at Sarah."Me too," Johanna said. "I can't remember the last time I've had so much fun.""If you thought that was fun, you've got to come to one of our big get togethers," Lacy said brightly as they went inside. They threw away their trash and put dishes in the sink, and Johanna kept a hold of the blanket she had folded while outside."Hey, isn't the cookout at your place next weekend for the Fourth of July?" Meredith asked as she looked at Sarah, who smiled and looked at Johanna."It is, and you should come," Sarah said. "We can trade books then and you'll have a blast.""I have to ask my parents, and if it's okay, I'll be there," Johanna said, excited by the fact that she was invited to a party and seemed to have made friends out of the three girls. She hadn't been lying when she said she couldn't remember the last time she had had so much fun, and she really liked the girls. They seemed to like her as well and Johanna hoped against hope that she really had managed to make friends because even though she didn't mind being alone most of the time, she was lonely and having friends was the perfect cure of that."Sarah?" a low tenor voice called as the sound of the front door opening met the girls' ears and Sarah smiled far too brightly for the owner of said voice to be her brother, and in a flash the girl was rushing out of the kitchen while Lacy and Meredith laughed."I'm going to guess that's not her brother," Johanna said and Meredith laughed."That would be Adam, who I'm guessing came with JJ to pick her up," Meredith said. "Come on. I want to introduce you." Johanna tightened her hold on the blanket and nodded as she followed Lacy and Meredith out of the kitchen.JJ Black scowled when he saw his sister pretty much launch herself at Adam Call the second she reached him and it took all of JJ's well-honed willpower not to pull her away from the boy. He had no right to interfere with their relationship given that Sarah was Adam's imprint and while he may have not liked that Sarah was an imprint, part of him was thankful that she was the imprint of one of the more levelheaded pack members and that Adam was a year younger and not a great deal older than his only just turned seventeen year old sister. JJ had expected to hear two sets of footsteps follow Sarah out from the kitchen, but when he heard three he looked towards the large archway and was surprised to see a girl he didn't know walking with his sister's best friends.The mystery girl was around Lacy's height, only a bit shorter and she was overweight with a slightly puffy stomach, fuller thighs, and round facial features. However, she had a very pretty face that was framed by long dark chocolate colored hair, which she was wearing in a long braid that rested over her left shoulder. She was white, that much he knew given her light olive complexion, and as if she could feel his eyes studying her she turned her eyes to his. In the instant that JJ's brown eyes met the perfect jade color eyes of the mystery girl, his world shifted.It was just like how his father had described to him when he had asked what it would feel like if he ever imprinted after he had phased for the first time five years ago when he was all of sixteen. Gravity was no longer holding him to the Earth, it was her and JJ wanted nothing more than for her to be happy and safe. He let out a soft sigh as his eyes continued to hold her gaze before he smiled softly at her. He watched as a dark pink filled the apples of her cheeks and slowly made its way down her neck, but her eyes didn't waver from his and much to his pleasure the corners of her full lips turned up slightly as she gave him a small smile in return. It was barely a smile really, but it was a smile all the same and it made his heart race even more in his chest."Johanna," Sarah said, pulling his imprints gaze away from his and to his sister, and JJ took a deep breath and slowly let it out. "This is my boyfriend, Adam, and my brother JJ; guys, this is Johanna, the newest member of our girl group.""You should say family really," Meredith said and Sarah looked at her with a raised eyebrow until Meredith's head nodded in JJ's direction, which caused Sarah to look at her older brother, who was looking at Johanna in the exact way that Adam had looked at her two months ago when they had literally ran into each other in the hallway at school."Ah hell."
