Hi this is my first fan fiction so its not amazing.All the twilight characters are human and in college.Chapter 1Alice POVI looked sympathetically at my family, in the car mirror and reversed out of the drive way, waving goodbye. The tears in my mothers eyes started me off crying, but I had to pull myself together, I didn't want to arrive at my new college a mess, I did want to make friends. Well I did have to drive all the way to New York so that gave me about two to four hours to pull myself together. I wanted to get there early, so I could unpack before my roommate got there. I was a bit freaked out that I was going to be sharing a room with someone I didn't know, but all my friends were going to the college in California.When I arrive item 1- Unpack, item 2- make friends. My silvery blue Porsche was really going to rack up some popularity points, but I had to have at least two friends by the end of the day otherwise I was in serious trouble." Alice honey just be yourself!" My mum cried from the driveway Typical motherly advice.I took one last look at the house and my family and then set off to the road at top speed.About half an hour into the trip it began to get really stuffy in the car, (Thanks to a thousand boxes of clothes) so I pressed the button that made the roof go down, and put on my sunglasses; If I turned up like this, I would look totally cool, and make friends instantly.An hour later the petrol light went on, so I stopped at a nearby gas station and refilled the car. I also bought a sandwich as my stomach had rumbled a few times. When I was back in the car I looked at Google maps while eating. It said I was more than an hour away. Great. It looked like that early arivel was maybe a little to much to ask, but if I stayed at top speed and no more pit stops I could make it about half an hour early. I also looked at my acceptance form from NYC (The C standing for college not city). It said:We would like you to know we have accepted your application and we would like to welcome you into NYC.Dorm building: 3Room Number: 23Have fun!I began driving again, my roof down, wind in my face, cool glasses, I couldn't wait. It felt quiet so I turned on the radio to Capital FM, and listened to many different songs, but when Happy by Pharrell came on I started to sing, it was my favorite song because it described my personality; Happy.I reached the junction at NYC, and while the red light was on I quickly checked myself over in the mirror and turned off the radio.RED...AMBER...GREEN... NYC here comes Alice. I sped into the main parking lot, which was almost empty, and to my surprise I had arrived two hours, early, How fast was I driving? I looked for the sign 'Dorm 3 car park', and when I found it I slowly drove into there, again finding only a few cars. I parked up in a spot near the entrance. A slight chuckle made me jump, I turned around while taking off my seat belt to see a boy with jet black hair and nerdy headphones." Something funny?" I asked a little annoyed." No... um no," He seemed a bit eager, " I was just looking at your car. Porsche right?"" Uh... yeah. Why is there something wrong with it? And isn't this a girls dorm? What are you doing here? Perving?" I asked with interrogation.He held up his hands in surrender, and then held one out for me to shake, " Eric, by the way! And no I'm waiting for my girlfriend, Angela." He said politely, so I shook his hand, and began to unload the boxes into my new room.I went to take the first two boxes up, they held electronic items, like my laptop and iPod and stuff so I didn't want to leave it in the car. When I opened the door I was relieved to see that my roommate wasn't here yet That gave me plenty of time to unpack, and choose my side of the room.Unpack... check. I sat at the desk where my laptop was and decided to get my NYC online profile set up. It was so teachers could send our homework electronically, which made it a lot easier because I was always loosing my homework in High School.It took a few minutes to set up and when it was done I decided to look around the room.There was an on suite bathroom with a shower with sliding privacy glass doors, and a towel holder inside the shower, angled so the towel wouldn't get wet. Also a bath with a shower curtain that also had towel holder inside the shower curtain, guess it was in-case there were two people in here at once, and obviously a toilet. Then I almost screamed when I saw the two walk in closets, also with a privacy curtains. I began to hang up all of my clothes, but when all the room was taken on the racks I left two boxes with clothes in on the floor.I was looking for some clothes to get rid off when I heard a knock on the door, then the door opened. I walked out of the walk in closet to greet whoever it was. I saw a long haired brunette, who was beautiful, but her clothes almost made me cry (OK I'm exaggerating a bit). Why in the hell was she wearing a grey huddy and denim baggy jeans with beauty like that? Maybe its just travelling clothes." Hello I'm Alice!" I smiled and held out my hand to shake hers." I'm Bella!" She said shaking my hand," Oh and by the way my dads gonna be up any minute with my stuff so don't get freaked out!"As if on Que a pale man with a black mustache and black hair walked in." Dad this is my roommate Alice!" Bella exclaimed enthusiastically." Hi!" I waved at him and he waved back and smiled." So Bells I've brought up everything," He trailed off and she pulled him into a hug.They didn't say much before he left, and Bella had tears in her eyes, so I decided to cheer her up." So In a while I was gonna go check out the main building, wanna come?" I asked her." Yeah!" She said enthusiastically, " Can I unpack and look around first?" She asked." Of course I'll give you a grand tour when your done unpacking. Have you set up your online account yet?" I asked." Um... No I don't... I don't have a computer!" She said a little embarrassed." Oh its fine they have a computer..." I was cut off by my thoughts. " One sec!"I ran into my walk in wardrobe and took the lid off the box with the stuff I decided to get rid of inside. I rummaged to the bottom and there it was, my old laptop." Here." I said passing it to her, " My old laptop!"" Oh no I can't..."I wouldn't let her finish, " Its fine it was going in the bin anyway!" I lied" Still!" She was impossible. She passed it back to me." OK!" I said heading towards the bin." Fine I'll take it!" I smiled in victory, " Your a good friend already!"She already thought of me as a friend, I was thrilled. Friends... Half check.Bella was done unpacking now and just finishing on the laptop." Grand tour time!" She spun around on her very fancy desk chair and smiled." OK," I said taking her into the bathroom, " Look its massive, there's a shower with privacy glass, a mirror and cabinet, a bath with a shower curtain!" I told her." Which do you prefer?" She asked, " Bath or shower?"" Shower," I said." Good I prefer the bath so if we are ever in here at the same time the showers all yours." She smiled, then a disturbed look appiered on her face, " I'm not saying you can't use the tub, I just..." I cut her off." I know what you mean!" I smiled.I showed her the walk in closets, but she just dumped her clothes down in the middle of the walk way and walked back out, to get the rest. I could tell clothes weren't really Bella's thing. Bella changed in her walk in closet before we left so I did the same. I dressed into a one shoulder jumper and some black leggings. Bella was wearing a purple zip up huddy and some denim skinny jeans. She also had the other clothes in her hand, and to my surprise she dumped them in the bin." Travelling clothes!" She sighed rolling her eyes. The clothes she was wearing now were a step up from what she had on before, but I could still tell she didn't like clothes much." So," I said, " Ready to go make some new friends?"" Yeah. Oh and I want you to meet someone you'll like her," She said and I smiled another friend soon, " She can be a bit moody sometimes but don't take it personally!"" I like her already!" I exclaimed, I was the complete opposite to moody and stuff but I didn't mind to be around people that were." She loves fashion too!" She said pointing at my outfit and my closet that she could see into." Cool," I said, " And what about you? Do you like fashion?"" Its Okay. I don't mind shopping and fashion catalouge's, but I've never really been confident enough to wear anything... ya know..."" Fashionable?" I answered for her and she nodded, " Don't worry I'll soon change that!" I exclaimed to her.We headed to room 13 in our dorm to find Bella's friend, and I was surprised when a beautiful blond girl answered the door." Hey," Bella said, " This is Alice."" Hi I'm Rosalie, but you can call me Rose!" She said." Hi," I said to her." So me and Alice were gonna go look around the main building and wondered if you wanted to come." she asked." Oh I can't I haven't finished unpacking yet," she began but she finished the rest in a whisper, " My roommate is really weird when she arrived I locked myself in the bathroom and said I was taking a shower. Now look at her!" She opened the door to reveal a weird looking girl sat on her bed talking to her stuffed animals she had brought. This caused us all to giggle but then me and Bella were hushed by Rose as the girl was now staring our way." Ok if you change your mind call me I've got my cell," Bella said before we walked away and waved to Rose.When we got to the main building, we were greeted by some teachers reminding us to go get our timetables from the main desk. So we headed towards the main desk surprised to see the Que wasn't too long. We stood for a while until it was our turn to receive our timetables." Name!" The receptionist asked rudely."Bella Swan and Alice..." She looked at me, of course she didn't know my second name." Brandon," I finished for her." Oh and can we also have Rosalie Hale's?" Bella asked, the receptionist shot her a disapproving look, " Its just shes still unpacking and she asked me to get it for her!" She lied.The receptionist gave us Rosalie's timetable as well so we went to the cafeteria. Surprisingly it was open, but my surprise left when I realized it was six o'clock so it was probably open for students to buy dinner. We scanned the timetable looking for lessons we shared.I had creative writing each morning with Bella. I had Design Technology on a Monday with Rose and Bella, and every two days I had P.E with Bella. I had Gym on Tuesdays with Rose. On Wednesday, I had Biology with both of them. I had Geography with Rose on Thursday and Music with Rose, Friday I had no lessons with any of them except Creative writing with Bella. We both had creative writing because that's what we decided to study when we sent our applications. We were both excited we had lots of lessons together, but I think I got the best timetable as I had the least lessons alone." Right so I'm going to get some Dinner and take it up to the dorm!" She said." Oh, I'm going to order pizza if you wanna get some too!" I told her." OK." She smiled and we headed back to the room, but first we went to give Rose her timetable." I circled all the lessons you have with either me or Alice!" Bella said." Oh I went to get it but they said it had already been taken!" She laughed." Oh well I'm guilty... as usual!" Bella joined in and we were all laughing at Roses door." We were just going to order some pizza, so do you wanna come, get away from your weird flat mate." Bella said whispering the last part." If that's OK with you Alice." Rose answered. I nodded and smiled so Rose grabbed her coat from next to the door and bolted out slamming the door.We went up to mine and Bella's dorm and ordered two pizzas, one ham and pineapple and one pepperoni, and we split the cost. I still couldn't believe they delivered to the college dorms.It was a fun evening, that was even better when Rose took a bottle of Vodka from her bag. It was Saturday we didn't have lessons until Monday so what was stopping us." OK my turn!" I said a little drunk." Bella truth or dare!" I asked" Um... dare!" She said too a little drunkenly." Shout out the window as loud as you can ' Good night campus bitches'" I laughed." OK!" She stood up and opened the window, " Good night Campus bitches!" She cried at the top of her lungs, and me and Rose couldn't help but laugh.We sat for a while playing our little game when there was a knock on the door. " Who is it!" Rose put on the wierdest voice and we all laughed at the top of our lungs." Mrs. Jackson!" Hell no it was the head teacher. She opened the door to find us throwing the vodka to each other like it was a hot potato. She cleared her throat and snatched the bottle from the air." Alcohol is banned on these premises!" She spoke sternly, " You knew the rules! Therefore you have a detention tomorrow!"" Um... miss yeah well as you must know we don't start til Monday!" Rose replied grinning, but the drunkenness got the better of me and I started laughing for no reason, and this caused us all to burst out laughing, ignoring the horrified look on her face." You will all come to my office at 7AM tomorrow," She said grabbing Rose by the arm so she could escort her back as she was too drunk to even stand up." You mean today!" Rose said smartly as it was nearly 2 in the morning." 7AM! Get some sleep!"7AM was early but we were all too drunk to care!So do you think I should continue? let me know review.
