Wal-Mart Fun!Zaylin Black"Do you actually think we can pull this off?" I asked Jace as we stopped and stared at the store.I heard him sigh"AhWal-Martwhat a beauty," Jace said as he stopped his bike. I rolled my eyes.Oh yeah, JaceMy arch nemesis  and some of the time my own personal troublesome of a best friend.We've known each other ever since my family and I moved to California about seven years ago since my parents are these 'it' celebrity, with my mom being a misunderstood-popular professional fashion designing, sketching dresses for top designers from Betsey Johnson, Fernando Sanchez I'm surprised I even know these names  and our very own Alice Cullen. I said she was misunderstood because she wasn't really so much in the public eye, because she didn't like that kind of attention very much so she usually worked at home and sent her designs over e-mail. And not to mention the fact that she opened her own dance studio not so long after the twins were born and uses it for children with dreams of becoming dancers one day.Whilst for my dad, he's in the public eyea lot. He owns an Auto Repair shop that I usually work at afterschool, which makes him quite the business man. Every celebrity goes to his workshop even the publicist of Calvin Klein saw my father's 'underwear built' body and organized something for him to model for their line. My father was a little hesitant at first because he wasn't exactly in love with the idea of modeling in front of the entire USAwait let me rephrase that. The entire world!But my mom thought it was a good idea and scarred may I say my dear 11 year old life  by saying he'd look even more 'sexier' to her and you don't want to know what happens nextAnyway, long story short. His pictures sold and the entire world wanted more of the infamous Jacob Black and he became a regular model for the line for 4 years. I guess that explains how we're thrown into the mix."I don't like this idea." I told him as I saw the sign of Domino's Pizza. That was my favorite pizza restaurant and the thought of not returning there because of this incident then I wasn't all for it!"Hey dude, don't be such a whimper-y-pussy, we can do this! And it'll be epic!" He said. I sighed.I really didn't like this idea."I'll race ya. Right on three. Onetwo" Then he began sprinting towards the back of the store with his BMX. I sighed. It wouldn't hurt to have fun on my last night of my Summer Break. It was mischief day anyway.I then suddenly climbed onto my BMX and began riding along.I found Jace waiting for me at the open back, putting his helmet on."As a wise-man one said, safety first.""I think a wise-women came up with that phrase." I reminded him. He rolled his eyes as he and I fixed our knee and arm pads.When we entered the store we got off our BMX's and began straining them along like we owned the place and was just feeling the bikes out. It was good that we came in to the biker's collection."Hey!" The security called out as he came up to us. I shut my eyes closed."It was nice knowing you dude," I said to Jace. He just scoffed."What are you doing?" The big bald security asked curiously as he had his hands on either side of his belt which he carried a stick and pepper-spray, and no gun? How lame can Wal-Mart be?Jace and I began to panic."The entrances are that way kids." He said giving us a chuckle. I laughed along and when he was gone Jace and I made sure to squirm away from any kind of trouble. Not that we aren't already going to be in troubleJace then suddenly jumped on his BMX and began showing off his tricks in front of the open area. All the little children began grouping themselves around him watching him do forward flips, a pop shove it and some other tricks."Whoa!""I want to BMX like that some day!""Come on dude; let's show these punks a show!" Jace called out. I chuckled and joined in the center. I began showing off my tricks and tried my 50/50 rail where the carts were. I then did a front-side 360, landing perfectly on the ground. The kids cheered.Jace then maneuvered himself so he was on the cashier banks."Hey get off there!" And old cashier lady called him out then grabbed her phone and called the security. I shot my eyes wide open when I saw the security walking up to us like some kind of SWAT team."Uh dude! I think we need to get outta here!" I told my friend."Wait, I'm just about to do an Olli" He told me. The security began sauntering faster towards us and I began riding over to Jace. I patted his back and signaled to the huge gang behind us. He widened his eyes."What are standing here for?" He called out then began riding away. I followed his trail."Hey you twerps, hold it!" The security man called out.Jace and I rode faster through all the compartments."Dude this is wicked!""I'd say so!" I screamed back at him."I've never been in this awesome situation-" He began but cut himself when we rode by two hot girls. "Hey ladies, you wish you were me now?" He asked, flashing them his signature wink and they blushed and squirmed away."Now's not the time!" I said to him as I turned my back to see the security running extremely fast. One was about to grab my shirt but I made a quick turn with Jace right behind me."Zay look out!" Jace called out at me. I looked forward to see I was about to crash into an old ladies cart. She screamed in her old lady voice. I was lucky to have made a quick turn but found myself crashing into one of the shelves which caused the rest that followed to collapse as well. If it couldn't have gotten any worse, Jace ran into me as well and we found ourselves in a pile of toilet paper and washing powder.The securities reached us and crossed their arms disapprovingly.Holy shit!"I can't believe this Zaylin Black. This is a big low for you and especially you Jace!" My wonderful mother said disappointedly as she crossed her arms on her chest and shaking her head disapprovingly. I lowered my head to the ground trying not to meet her chocolate brown eyes that were filled with hurt.To be honest, I hate disappointing my mother because I when I do, I have this stir in me and picture how my mother died. I didn't want that to happen to Nessie."Jacob please just say something about all of this. Tell our son that what he did was completely irresponsible even at his age!" Renesmee said to my amused father standing beside her. I knew he was just pretending to be stern."Mom, I'm only 18-!" I began to protest but then my mother just had to interrupt."Exactly!" she exclaimed. "And that's exactly why you have to set an example to your younger siblings."I nodded in understanding. My mother was right, what I did was utterly immature for my age. I had to change and fast."To be fair, he's probably influenced by Jace-a-lot here!" My sister ejected as she pointed to Jace. He just gave her a dirty look."Jace-a-lot!" he mocked her. She glared at him. "Hey that's actually a good nickname. Jace-a-lotYa know, Rosie, you're very useful sometimes, underneath that thick obnoxious skull of yours filled with fro-" He provoked her. Rosie growled and clenched her fists together taking a step forward."You better finish that second or I'll rip-""Hey!" Jake called them out. They stopped to look at him. My father had this tone to his voice when he was angry, you had to obey him."Enough, you too," He said firmly. They both nodded feeling a little ashamed as they stared at the ground. Jace slowly lifted his middle finger and sent it to Rosie when my parents weren't looking. I guffawed lowly.My father took a deep breath after my mother whispered something into his ear."Look son, I know you were having pure fun but what you did out there almost got you into jail and I'm pretty sure you're mother and I will be getting a huge bill for the shop because of broken equipment.""Yeah dad, I get it." I said with a nod."You see babe, he gets it." My father said to my mom who just rolled her eyes and nudged for him to continue. He sighed."Pulling a prank like this is one thing but doing it at a local store is insane! If I were four years youngerI'd-I'd punch you!" He said with the best amount of anger he could pull off to satisfy my mother. I frowned."What? Dad that doesn't even make sense," I said to him. He just shrugged."Well it does to me." He shouted. "Now you're grounded for a week." He said. My eyes widened."But dad, my first championship practice for the season is tomorrow afterschool! I cannot miss it!""I've got a solution. You're not going to the basketball championships." My mother said. I widened my eyes even wider."But mom-""Ah ah, we're making it a deal.""But come on honey, the kid learnt his lesson. He's been dreaming of about championship day since he was a kid, could you at least give him two weeks of grounding?" My father backed me up. He and I always played basketball in our backyard and he was a coach once so he knew how important it was to me."Thank you! Wait what?" I asked realizing he added another week to it. Jace and Rosie chuckled lowly."No" Renesmee said firmly. I sighed knowing I lost the battle. "Now clean up!" She ordered and then walked out of the room with Rosie right behind her. I'm sure she was going to convince my mom that Jace had everything to do with all of this.God those two fucking hate each other! I wouldn't call it hate but more of aconstant never-ending dislike for each other. Like Rosie would always say.My father just stared at me and shrugged, I just nodded."Sorry buddy. But that's mom's orders." He told me. I sighed."Yeah, I knew it was a long shot anyway. But thanks for the effort dad." I said patting his shoulder. He smiled back."You know that whole act I pulled was just for effect hey. I'm not pissed at you whatsoever because that stunt you pulled was sick!" He said patting both Jace and I's arms. We laughed and we rubbed our arms at how hard my dad hit us even though he didn't mean for us to be pained. He was just naturally strong."Yeah, I think we figured." I laughed."You probably shouldn't tell your mom this because you know she gets a little crazy," He said with a chuckle. I smiled and Jace chuckled. "Anyway, I'm so excited to see you guys play at UC next year!" My dad said proudly as he smiled at me.My life's dream was to become a professional basketball player. I mean from the beginning, I've dreamt of playing in the Yankee team for baseball but that kinda shifted away from my mind when I saw my first NBA match with my father one day and I just fell in love with the sport. So if the University of Calabasas gave me that opportunity, then I had to take it."Uh yeah, I don't think I'll do that. I'll probably be a professional tattoo artist one day." Jace said with a chuckle. I laughed but my father didn't seem too fazed. He didn't like tattoos even though he had one on his right arm and a tattoo of my mother's name on his chest but he wouldn't advise anyone to take that chance."I'm just kidding," Jace laughed at Jake. Jake grimaced but then went back to his unfazed look. Well this isn't awkward at all. Jace shifted slightly.My father was intimidating to everyone. He doesn't look like one to mess with when you catch a glimpse at him but when you get to know him he's a pretty cool person and wonderful dadthat's if you mess with anyone he loved or if he just didn't like you."I'm just kidding you scary ole lump!" Jake said giving Jace a pat on the shoulder. Jace laughed nervously."You got me there Mr. Black," He said giving him a punch on the chest. Jake growled then Jace nervously and awkwardly moved his hand from him and into his pocket."Jacob!""Well that's my cue dudes." He said then gave us a peace sign before running up stairs into his and my mother's room to probably make-out again. Old people."My dad's such a teenager," I laughed to Jace."He's one scary teenager that's for sure." Jace said shaking his head after witnessing one of the crap-in-the-pants moments of his life. I laughed and patted his shoulder."It gets better once in the old age." I told him. He scoffed."But man, you're mother'suhmotherly. You're grounded for two weeks? Now that's cold dude." He said."Yeah but I just have to live with the shots they call. It's what makes them good parents." I said with a proud smile. I wasn't as pissed as I hoped to be."Now you're making me sick!" He said looking disgusted by my words. I snickered. "Has your sister been influencing you to turn all mushy and mellow?"I shook my head."Nah man, she's better once you get to know her.""That's what they all say," He said rolling his eyes. I just stuck my tongue out at him."Uh guysI think we have a problem!" Kelvin called out from the lounging table. I frowned at Jace before walking to the lounge room to see a documentary from The Hollywood Reporter: Breaking News. My family soon came into the room after we did."I guess we call all say we're spending our last days of Summer Break with a ball. Take it from the hottest man alive, Calvin Klein underwear model Jacob Black's son for what he did for his last day." The host said and then the screen showed footage where Jace and I caused mischief. Both Jace and I's eyes widened, whilst my parents heads were shaken in shame. In the footage, Jace and I just bumped into the crates causing the shelves to tip over and causing a 'domino attack' like I'd always say."The strikingly handsome Zaylin Black and who'd seemed to be with his hunky-bad-boy friend seemed to be having a blast at their local Wal-Mart store in Adams Lake County. Not only will they get a surprise of their life when the bill gets mailed to their house but tomorrows back to school day! Back to the weather,"My eyes were still shot wide open!How could that have spread so fast?!How could we be on the breaking news segment after only three hours?!Rosie released a laugh breaking the silence. "Well I'll be in my room if anyone needs me," She informed then patted my back. "Good luck," She whispered then left the room. We then heard her loud laugh ringing around the house."I'll speak to my publicist so she should fix it." My dad said with a shake of the head as he took his phone out of his pocket and dialing his publicist. My mom just shook her head and left the room.I sighed as I watched my family squirm out of the room.Well tomorrow's going to be humiliating.Rosie Masen-BlackI woke up bright and early in the morning to the sound of my alarm clock going off."Rise and shine and say hello! To summer!" the man screamed from my stereo and then suddenly one of my favorite song began to play; I like that by Static Revenger. I scoffed. I wish it was summer!I reluctantly got off my bed and sliding to the curtains to open them. I didn't know but I started dancing dirtily to the song as I remembered all the dance moves from 'Step up 3D'. That movie maybe almost 16 years old now but it was still amazing. I continued dancing all the way to my bed as I grabbed my ear-buds and iPod then switching the Stereo off when the song ended and preferred to listen to it on my iPod whilst washing up in the bathroom.I began brushing my teeth as I set my iPod on my pocket and listened to my playlists while dancing to the rhythm of the beat. I don't know why this happens but whenever I hear music, my body would automatically move to it, my body likes the rhythm of song.After brushing my teeth, I washed up my face using my cosmetics. I stopped when I caught the mark on my neck. The mark I received when the man kidnapped me. I don't quite remember his name because I was only four after all but I remember his face and I always get frightened when I walked alone or when I'm alone in the room, that's why I still have my Mr. Bunny lying on my bed and I cuddle with it every night."Rosie!" My brother Kelvin banged on the door."I'm occupying it right now use the other bathrooms!" I called back."I know but I need it now. Could you make it fast because I'm about to blow," He said. I just rolled my eyes as I applied my creaming lotion on my face. "Rosie!""What?!" I snarled as I a jar the door to see my brother looking almost constipated as he had his hands on his area."I need the bathroom!" He said almost inaudibly. I smiled."But I'm about to take a cold shower. To let the water flow down me, like raindrops." I teased him. Right now he was about to blow and trickle in his pants."Rosie, let the dude use the bathroom." My brother said walking out of his room shirtless running his hands through his messy hair. I just rolled my eyes and moved away for him to wiz. Kelvin literally ran past me pushing me out of the door and opening the seat and sighing when he released his waters of mankind. I covered my eyes as I saw his butt-crack."If you're going to at least use the bathroom please close the door!" I scolded him as I closed the bathroom door. My older brother just chuckled."Hey bro?" I asked him before he left for his room. He plopped his head back at me. "Could I use your car today?""Uh yeahsure, I was taking my Harley anyway." He said then grabbed his car keys from his room and throwing them back at me.My brother adored his Harley Davidson that my dad gave to him and rebuilt it into the modern times. He treated it like was his own pride and joy which it was. He hardly drove the car my grandparents got for him last year.I've always wanted a car of my own but my parents said I should get a job first like my brother and be more independent but I'd just scoff and say "Please, I don't do jobs,". I guess my aunts have influenced me.I suddenly felt warm slobber on my hands. I looked down to see my wonderful dog Sally licking my fingers. I gasped and bent down to ruffle her fur and pet her. The only licking or any disgusting form of contact was from my dog Sally."Hey girl," I said kissing her gray head. God she was aging. Actually she was aged and I knew she wasn't going to live long. I mean, she's my age now and in dog years she'd probably be like 112 years which is incredibly and humanly impossible to reach that age but I guess dogs have that privilege."Want a treat?" I asked her. She just licked my cheek and barked lowly as if she understood me. I laughed then took out the biscuit I kept for her in my pocket. "Okay now go," I said to her. She began sauntering away but not without limping with her prosthetic and all."You guys all had to change my diapers I still don't understand why I can't pee with the door open!" Kelvin said coming out of the bathroom. I laughed and ruffled his hair, then entered the bathroom and shut the door and took off the towel wrapped around me and got into the shower then got dressed forughschool.Even though I was incredible in school, I mean I was an honors and so was my brother but I tried my best to hide my 'smarticle particles' away from the crowd.After saying goodbye to my family and drove to Harbin Hot Springs, my school for the next two years. Oh yippee! (Sarcasm!)"Mmmfreshmen, tons, and tons of fresh men." I mumbled, emphasizing the word as I had my back against one of the lockers and curling the tips of my hair as every cute freshman walked by.I heard a laugh."You mean fresh boys." My best friend Kyra corrected me. "Rose, they're like 14." She laughed as she inserted her books into her locker. I shrugged."Some are more mature than others." I replied. I could see at the corner of my eye her eye rolling."You know. It's okay to be single. Focus on yourself for a little while. Work on becoming a better person." She replied as if she was giving a motivational speech. I just snickered, Oh Kyra."Kyra." I said with another laugh and faced her. "I love you. So if we do that thing where we talk about me and pretend we're not actually talking about youthen it's totally fine," I smiled and she just chuckled."It can't be that bad. Just consider it." She insisted."I thought you knew me by now Kyra!" I uttered feeling completely offended. "I don't want a boyfriend." I said shaking my head."You don't."I shook my head."I want a distraction." I mumbled lowly as I waved to the cute freshmen boys who were staring at me. Kyra laughed.Kyra and I have been best friends ever since we were little kids. She moved into the neighborhood like almost a month I moved into Lake County and we met in school. We immediately hit it off and have been inseparable ever since. She was an extremely smart girl who got straight 'A's' in everything. She was currently in some chemistry club thingy.She was also beautiful so all rolled up in one. She had silky raven with a hint of brown hair that reached up to her shoulder and fell in curls. She had a soft native creamy skin to her because she was half Hawaiian and Irish, ancestry. She had beautiful light hazel eyes which seemed to glisten when in the light. She had this wide smile to her which would automatically send an aura causing you to release a smile as well. She was a happy-go-lucky person just like me. And I loved her for that even though we were total opposites of each other.Kyra and I were the epitome of soul sisters well I think that's what they called them. We did everything together, even though we seemed like complete opposites. For example, our dress choices, I was a late trend kind of girl whilst Kyra was more of a subtle vintage unique style. I was sequence, she was boots. We were so different yet so similar. I guess it's true what they say, opposites do attract"A distraction?" she asked. I smiled at her.Then suddenly, I diverted my eyes from her to see two biker boots and dark denim jeans. Then I slowly moved my gaze up to their bodies to see them both wearing leather jackets on over their v-neck tank tops which showed of the outline of their masculine chests. I continued my gaze upwards to see two strikingly handsome dudes with beautiful gray eyes and cheekbones that were to die for and their dimples!Suddenly the song I heard this morning ringed into my ears, I like that!"Brothers?" asked Kyra. I just shook my head casually and released an interested grin."Twins!" I replied as I watched them past by and giving me synchronized winks. Oh my god! They smelled so good!"I know what you're thinking and it's not happening." Kyra said to me, pointing her finger at me. "Stay away from them you hear me?" She said shutting her locker.Oh Kyra, you should know by now that I'd never stay away from a perfect opportunityA/N: Sequel to 'The Story of Renesmee Masen' has finally arrived y'all! What did you think of the beginning of it?I know a huge transition from the previous story. Characters and personalities have changed. To name a few, Rosie and Zaylin,I mean it's only fair because they are teenagers after all and their personalities are bound to change huh. But I hope you like what I did with them.Thanks to everyone who have supported me in the other story and I hope I can get that amount of praise for this one! Please! Tell me the things you liked and disliked on this chapter. Funny or was it hilarious? Need a lot of reviews to update the next chapter.Ages:Jacob/Embry  39Renesmee/Erica  32Zaylin  18Rosie  16 Kelvin/Karen/Aaron  11Review!
