STANDARD DISCLAIMER APPLIES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. NO INFRINGEMENT INTENDED..Flavor of the monthChapter one: Vanilla.Bella Swann wasn't by any definition, a promiscuous woman. However, that didn't make her a particular angel either. So when she agreed to go out with Jake for a night of alcohol and dancing, she knew it would end in one of three ways:Option A: She'd get home at six in the morning, drunk out of her mind while Jake clumsily tried to feel her up and would narrowly end up throwing up on her instead.Option B: She'd make it home at a reasonable hour, drink a gallon of water to pee all the booze out of her system and then pass out in front of her television watching Friends reruns until Jake, who stayed out unreasonably, would knock on her door and demand to be let in because he has to pee and forgot where he lives.Or Option C: She'd meet some handsome stranger, have lots of drunken sex and then wallow in the shame and self-loathing that would consume her and would then led to the creation and naming of a perfect ice-cream to gorge herself on the next time it happened. She was thinking: "The Morning After  because ice-cream doesn't judge."In her experience with night outs, Bella had experienced Option A and B often enough that she had a whole routine worked up in her head of how to deal with the morning afters.She and Jake would need aspirins, a big greasy breakfast and then, depending on Option A or B, she'd get a new pair of shoes courtesy of Jacob Black's credit card. She knew what to expect when it came to the first two situations and she learnt a long time ago that such was life; her childhood friend would never stop dragging her to clubs or pubs or whatever and neither of them would ever have just one drink. But it was ordered; predictable.If things were to change in the first two scenarios, there were backup plans; recon.Neither of which existed in Option C.Sure she had a few wild nights back in college and when she used to travel cross country for the hell of it, but those days were done. She was a recognized and respected business woman, twenty-six with her own place, her own business; she wasn't some raunchy teenager with no care for tomorrow; she had responsibilities, a mortgage! Besides, after one too many, she had been convinced she contracted something (which she didn't), and promptly settled down so she could pretend to be a grown up.That was at least four years ago.And as soon as she felt consciousness tickling her brain, she knew it was coming Despite her knowing it was a bad idea, her eyes fluttered open.She was staring at the ground. Wooden, shiny andyep.that was her panties lying beside a sock that wasn't hers. Oi vey.Lying on her stomach, she could feel the weight of her actions pelting her, dragging her to the floor.No. No. Wait. That was gravity.Hastily, she pulled herself back up, brushing her disarrayed hair aside and making a face at the chalky taste in her mouth, a cross between ash, dust and death. So that's what humiliation tastes like.A groan rumbled beside her and the bed sheets hiding her lady bits disappeared as her bed buddy rolled over. The cold air hit her, and she could feel her insides shrivel up as her skin broke out in goosebumps, and somehow flushed red in embarrassment at the same time.If it didn't get any worse, there was a sudden pressure in her head and she shut her eyes again, pressing her fingertips against them.Dear Lord, have mercy on me.The snores at her side suddenly sharpened in breath, before a snort later, a man sat up beside her abruptly as if he'd woken up from a dream about drowning and thought he needed to get up for air. His hands held his head so Bella couldn't make out his facial features, but his hair was in as much disarray as hers while he groaned louder as the head rush increased the headache coming from an impending hangover."Er?"Visibly, his shoulders tensed."Uh, don't mind me, I just-uh," normally she was more articulate than this, "yeah, where's your bathroom?" Really Bella, she berated, you have an Honors in English.He didn't look up from his position with his head in his one hand, he pointed at a door to his right."Great, thanks." Snatching her panties off the floor, along with her bra (hanging off the bedside lamp on his side of the bed) and her jeans (at the foot of the bed, trying to sneak beneath it into the bowls of the earth which she, coincidently, wanted to crawl into); her shirt was nowhere to be seen and out of her dwindling self preservation, she forwent it and escaped to the bathroom anyway.Fumbling to get dressed, she splashed cold water on her face and downed the mouth wash on the sink, gargling and spitting multiple times until she was satisfied that the nasty aftertaste lingering in the back of her throat was just disgust rather than the morning breath of a White Walker."Hey, are you done in there?""Yeah, yeah, just whoa!" The door opened anyway and there he stood one hand in his hair as he leaned against the doorframe, shirtless but wearing a pair of maroon colored boxers and the partner of the sock that was once keeping her panties company on the floor."You could've locked it," he said irrelevantly as he stepped in, standing beside her as he reached for the mouth wash as well."You could've knocked."After a gargle and spit, he stated blandly, "I live here."She cocked a brow, leaning against the sink on one hand. "Yeah, and I'm a guest, isn't it common courtesy and all that jazz?"Another gargle and spit. "Sorry."Her headache slowly intensifying, she made a humph sound. "Have you seen my shirt by the way?"He glanced at her briefly, or more particularly her chest which was only clad in a white bra. Annoyed, and feeling a little more defiant, she didn't bother to cover up and only notched her chin higher. "Well?""I'm trying to remember," he said, looking back to the sink as he sprinkled some water on his face. A moment later, he answered, "In the hallway, or by the front door maybe.""Thanks.".He wasn't the kind of guy who slept around for the simple reason that he just didn't have the time. His workaholic tendencies kept him at the office and doing work constantly, even on days off and during holidays though it had little to do with the love of his profession.Edward Anthony Mason; divorce attorney: dealing with the messy aftermath of love gone wrong.If the behavior of his clientele was anything to go by, he was convinced being a workaholic was for the best. There was nothing worse than a never ending divorce, plus, work gave him the perfect excuse to avoid any blind dates Rosalie could set up for him.It had started in high school when he was gawky and as awkward physically as he was in everything else. As his childhood friend, Rosalie was convinced it was her duty to help him land a date  for experience sake.His first date, first kiss, first actual girlfriend and then first lay was all in part orchestrated by her for the sole reason that she was, "Aphrodite incarnate." Why she had chosen in the most part to be single was pure choice because, "Mama only eats once all her children have been fed." Endless eyerolls follow.Over the years, Rosalie had loosened up on trying to match-make him instead choosing women based on what his future children should like, as if she were shopping at genetic farm or creating-a-sim for her amusement. The logic behind this was that Edward couldn't possibly procreate unless he was a sperm donor so he'd have to sleep with random women in the hopes of two blue lines on a stick would tie him infinitely to another individual.Not that he went along with it.He'd evaded and escaped her attempts for months following his twenty-eighth birthday. If it wasn't for the rough case he got handed that afternoon, and Rosalie tempting him with free alcohol, this wouldn't have happened.But Edward had to hand it to her; the girl she chose was pretty even without the beer goggles.Still, it had been awhile since his last sexual encounter and he wasn't sure how to proceed. This was a one-night stand, he decided that somewhere between taking her shirt off and kissing her, and he was sure she knew that.No name. No numbers. No real life. All boxes ticked. This was definitely a one-night stand.Sowhy was she still in his apartment?"You're stillhere," he muttered to himself, blandly.She didn't seem to notice him as she continued to look around the living room."Have you seen my phone?"He relaxed, wandering into the kitchen; he turned on the coffee machine. "What's the model?"For awhile she didn't say anything and a constant buzzing sound was coming from the floor. Oh. "It's uh  oh that one!" She came around to the kitchen to take it from him, but not before he saw the name flashing on the screen."I really hope you're not cheating on Jake."The last thing he needed was to be a part of any kind of relationship drama; that was precisely why he avoided intimate interactions with people. That, and according to Rosalie, he was socially inept.The look of horror on her face was immediate though. "Ew no. He's like my gay younger brother. Except he's neither.""Okay?"Surprisingly she didn't answer the phone immediately. "Where are we anyway?""New Moon Condos."She made an amused sound. "Fancy."Not knowing what to say, he shrugged before offering, "I can just drop you off you know.""Yeah, but that would be slightly weird considering""Yeah""Uh huh"Awkward pause. Good, so he wasn't the only one feeling weird about this.In her hand, her phone still vibrated."Aren't you going to answer that?""What? This?" She looked down at it for a moment, contemplating. "I'm deciding whether or not having my ear blown off is better than standing in the condo of a guy I slept with but can't remember how or why.""You don't remember? Now you're just hurting my feelings. Is this payback for not knocking on the door?""To be fair it was incredibly rude.""I've already seen you naked," he argued and despite her blush, she retaliated, "Not that I remember."His brow cocked. "Is that an invitation?"If it was possible, her blush increased further  blossoming from her cheeks to the tips of her ears to dust the top of her chest.Turning away from him hurriedly, she finally answered her phone and that's how the first box of one-night-stands was un-checked, when her not gay little brother declared from the receiver, "Bella Swann, I'm going to kill you."A/n: So literally, today, my laptop committed suicide, taking all my WIP with it to digital heaven. I was feeling poopy so decided to write, and this was the end result. My first attempt to write a full story for Twilight starts now.Rating is M for lemons; suggestive themes and language later on, how much later is yet to be determined because I'm basically winging this though I do have an idea of what the rest of the story will be like, your suggestions though are always appreciated.Thanks for reading, if you like please leave me a line below :)
