Firstly, I do not now, nor have I ever owned the Twilight characters. Sadly, Stephanie Meyer thought them up first. All I own is the strange yet exciting story line below. Hi! Here's the chapter to my first FF called "Little Bella". Please enjoy!I looked at my family. My sisters: Alice Cullen and Rosalie Hale; my brothers, Emmett Cullen and Jasper Hale. And lastly, my wonderful parents, Esme and Carlisle Cullen. Of course, we're not related. We're adopted family, but family all the same. Rose and Emmett are together. Jasper and Alice are together. The only one left is me. Edward Cullen. We were sitting in our living room, doing various activities. Esme was humming to herself while her head was in Carlisle's lap. He was reading a book. Rose and Emmett were making out, nothing new believe me. And Alice was sitting in the love seat while Jasper's head was in her lap. She pulled her fingers through Jasper's hair, one of her favorite things to do. Well, besides play dress up with all of us. Her personal toys, I sighed to myself. I looked down at my hands, lying on my piano keys. I haven't composed anything for quite some time. "I'm gonna go hunting, anyone want to come?" I asked them. Carlisle sighed and looked at Esme. "I have to go," he said softly. She nodded. "I see how dark your eyes are, my love. Don't wait so long next time," She said this softly but, sternly. That's just how she was, I suppose. Soft yet stern: the perfect mother. Esme sat up and smiled at Carlisle. Her eyes were a golden color. Now, I know your thinking, gold? Well, we're vampires. Not normal ones either. We drink animal blood, instead of human blood. It sustains us well enough. Carlisle kissed Esme's cheek and we left.As we ran, Carlisle thought something at me. Oh yeah, our powers. I am a mind reader. Alice can see the future; Jasper can change your emotions and Emmett's extremely strong. Well, that doesn't really count as a power but, it's what he brought into the next life. Rosalie brought her beauty. Esme brought her ability to love strongly, and Carlisle. He is all but immune to the smell of blood. I believe it's because he had to endure and stay strong from many temptations in his human life. He had to torture himself for centuries to do that. He is truly a great person. I stopped running and sniffed the air. There was something...something mouthwatering in the air. Human but something else too. I ran toward it without thinking. Edward? Carlisle thought my name. I didn't answer him so he began following me. But, what I saw stopped all thoughts of bloodlust. It was a little girl. A very beautiful, very innocent looking little girl. She was about 3 years old with chocolate brown hair and big doe eyes to match. Those eyes were watching me. Without fear at that. Who is this child? She looked up into my face. I instantly smiled at her, almost like it was a reflex. I couldn't help myself. She blushed and stood up. She had a leather backpack strapped on her. I began to walk toward her, slowly. When I was in front of her, I got down on my knees. I felt...protective of this girl. A strange thing to feel as I have just stumbled upon her. So many questions ran through my mind. Why is she out here alone? How did she get out here? I decided to ask the most important one at the moment. "Are you hurt?" I asked quietly. I could feel Carlisle watching us, but his thoughts were jumbled. She hesitated and shook her head 'no'. I felt relief fill my chest. Who would leave this child in the woods, alone? "Where are your parents?" I asked her. She looked blank and then tears filled her little brown eyes. "Mommy and Daddy didn't want me anymore." She told me. Her little voice was quiet and strained. But it was one of the best things I've heard in ages. At the same time, her words brought a wave of rage over me. How dare them! Who would do that to her? "Carlisle, bring Esme please," I asked him. He seemed to hear something in my voice because he did as I asked. I turned in the other direction to think but, her little voice stopped me. "Please, don't leave me," she pleaded. I instantly got back down on my knees. "What is your name?" I asked. She blushed. "I'm Bella," she said softly. Her voice was always soft, I noticed. "What's your name," she asked me. I smiled at her and her little heart beat faster. "I'm Edward," I told her. "Eward?" She tried to say my name. I laughed quietly and sat down in front of her. "No, Edward," I corrected. "Edward?" She asked, seeing if she said it right. I nodded at her. "Very good Bella" I said. I could feel my family around us. "What will we do?" thought Rosalie. "I think we should bring her into our family!" Alice said happily. "I'd like that too," Esme said, sound dream-like. "Tell her were coming out Edward." Rose said. I looked to Bella to see she was staring at me already."Bella, my family wants to come out and meet you, okay?" I asked. She nodded. "Will you stay with me?" she asked, looking at me with her pretty brown eyes. The look in them broke my heart. "Of course sweetheart," I said. I couldn't say no to her! I couldn't! Suddenly, she walked toward me and fell forward. I caught her by her shoulders and steadied her. "Clumsy little thing aren't you?" I asked her. She blushed and giggled. I smiled, I really like that sound. To think, I've just met this girl and now she's somehow wiggled her way into my heart. She wrapped her arms around my neck and it felt natural to wrap my arms around her. I stood up and she gave a small gasp. "You're alright, I've got you." I assured. I turned around and faced my family. "Everyone," I said as I walked, also rubbing small circles on her little back. "This little angel is Bella." They all looked at her. I could see her growing in their hearts too. Esme stepped forward, holding her arms out. "Can I hold her?" She asked me, a mother's love flowed from every word. Bella clung to me and I kissed her head. "It's ok Bella, it's my mom." I said. She calmed down a little. "Let's introduce you to everyone first. The woman, who asked to hold you, her name is Esme. She's my mom. The two blond haired men," I pointed to Carlisle and Jasper, who stepped forward. "Are Carlisle and Jasper, my dad and brother. Next, the blond haired girl and the short haired girl are Alice and Rosalie. And," I said to remind her, "I am -". I was about to finish when she laid her head against my chest. "Edward." I smiled brightly, she remembered. "Right!" I said. Esme held her arms out again and looked at me, as though she was asking permission. "Will you let Esme hold you?" I asked her. She nodded and Esme smiled. She really likes you, Edward! Esme thought. I kissed Bella's head again before handing her to Esme. "Did you hunt son?" Carlisle asked me. "No," I answered, looking at Bella again. "Your eyes are golden," Jasper said. He was picturing me as I am now. I shrugged, looking at Bella. "Let's go home," Rose said, also staring at Bella. We were about to run when I heard Bella talking to Esme. "Edward please," she said quietly. Esme had a big smile on her face as she handed Bella to me. I took her in my arms and she snuggled to my chest. She fell asleep instantly and I smiled and we all ran home.I know it's a bit short but the later chapters will be longer. Any comments, be they good or bad, are most welcome as well as any tips to help my grammar or spelling. Thank you for reading!
