A/N: I posted this story a few years ago but only put up a few chapters before real life got.difficult. Things are going well now and I feel like it's a good time to start again! I have a few chapters already written and will try to post once a week. Reviews are always welcome! I don't own Twilight.Well I own the books and the movies but I don't have the rights to the series. DAMN IT ALL TO HELL!BPOV"Oh God, Charlie! He's here! He's found us!" My mom, Renee is in hysterics. "Charlie what do we do? He's here we have to leave NOW!" she screamed. My dad, Charlie was trying to clam her down. "Renee I won't let him hurt you or Bella. He is not going to touch you! Either of you! As long as I can I WILL PROTECT YOU!" he told her as he grabbed her into his arms.I am so confused. "Mommy.Daddy what's wrong?" I said as I rubbed the sleep from my eyes. I looked out the window and saw it was still dark outside. My mom whipped her head around when she heard me. "Mommy are you and daddy fighting?" I asked."No baby, daddy and I aren't fighting." She looked at Charlie "We were just talking about moving. We are going to move baby" as she was talking to me I saw my dad throwing things in a few suitcases."Daddy why do we have to go? I just made a friend at school. Beth said she would bring me a cookie tomorrow. I don't wanna go!"I cried. I had just started school and made a friend. I don't want to leave!"Bella darling, I know you like your school and your new friends but daddy is getting a new job in a town called Forks. You will go to school and make new friends when we get there baby. Bella you will love Forks. It's so beautiful there. A nice small town filled with kids who want to be your friends!" my dad said as he placed a kiss on my head."Shh.did you hear that Charlie?" Just then I heard glass breaking. "Oh God, Charlie! He's downstairswhawhat do we do?" my mom suddenly cried out. "Who mommy? Who is here?" I looked between my mom and dad. My dad ran to the door and locked it. He came back and grabbed me into his arms. "Bella baby, I need you to be a good girl and listen to what your mother and I say ok?" I nodded. "Renee you are the love of my life. We always knew this could happen. I need you to take Bella and hide. Don't come backno matter what you hear. Promise me Renee that you will take Bella and live life to the fullest. That you will be happy, smile, dance, love,.that you will survive! Tell Bella everyday how much you love her.how much I love her." Is..is my daddy crying? He turned to me with tears falling down his face "Bella I love you so much. I'm sorry I won't be there for all the milestones in your life but baby know that I will always be there in spirit. You are my heart, my reason for existing, my little girl." He leaned in and kissed my forehead. Another loud crash came from downstairs."Renee I love you so much honey" He grab her and kissed he with such love and passion that even I, a five year old could see it. My mom was crying and holding onto him for dear life. I ran over and threw my arms around his legs. "Daddy come with us please! Please come!""Bella remember to always listen to your mom no matter what. If she says to do something then do it okay? No questions, just listen. Promise me Bella." I looked at my dad through my tears and nodded."RENEE I KNOW YOU'RE HERE! COME OUT COME OUT WHERE EVER YOU ARE!" a deep voice called from downstairs.With a final kiss and hug from my dad he stood up and looked into my mom's eyes. She nodded and grabbed our bags from the bed and tossed them out the window. She turned around and kissed my dad one last time before she took my hand and lead me towards the window. We had one of those ladders that attach to the windows in case of a fire. My dad made me practice going down a few times. I tend to fall a lot and he said practice makes perfect.My mom went out first and began to climb down. I looked at my dad and blew him a kiss. "I love you daddy" I said before I stated my descent down the ladder. Just as my feet hit the ground I heard the bedroom door slam open. My mom grabbed my hand and began to pull me along."Where is she Charlie" I heard the man yell as a loud bang went off. "I said where is she!" "Go fuck yourself! I'll never tell!" another bang. "Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, SHE IS MINE! We both know I'll find her and make her mine. And your precious little girl will be mine too. Goodbye Charlie". With that a third and final bang rung out. My mom was crying hysterically and in that moment I realized I just lost my daddy. 
