Third Person POVBella wakes up to get ready for school when her step-dad comes in and starts to yell at her for yesterday's mess in the kitchen, that her twin sisters Luna and Alex made when they were helping her cook dinner that night.These fights have been happening since her mother died giving birth to Bella's little sisters, and Phil blames and hates the four year olds for it. Bella has made sure that Phil never hurt her sisters and took the blame for anything that they did so they were safe from him.Phil yelling and b*** about last night was nothing new, but today was crappy to begin with because she felt like s***, she has for a few days now, and it caused her to get angry really fast. Remembering the past was not helping either. Bella tried not let him get to her but it was hard and the pains in her body were getting worse. Phil aims to punch Bella in the face, she jumps out of the way and throws a punch in her defense.A fist fight is initiated. Amidst the anger, and resistance, Bella's body heats up to a feverish temperature. Her grunts began to have a gutteral roll in it, making her sound like an attack dog. Her pent up animalistic nature finally breaks free, killing Phil in the process.Bella lands on all fours, seeing the marred body, realizing what she has done. She realizes she's close to the floor even though she's sure she's 'standing', that she's huffing like a dog. Instead of scream she let out a howl. Luna and Alex were in their bedroom when they heard the howl of a wolf. The twins ran into Bella's room and found their step-father dead and Bella gone. The window frame was frayed, like something large was forced through but there was no Bella, or signs of the wolf they heard outside.In the shade of he trees, Bella looked up and see her sisters at her window, with increasingly frightened expressions. She works to slow her heart rate, push what just happen to the back of her mind because now she had a crime to cover. Bella started to think of good things, breathing in and out slowly. She feels a comfortable warmth coming from inside her seep out of her body, leaving her d n*** but back to her human self. Bella goes through the back door, so as not to be seen by going in through the front, to her room to dress in a T-shirt , sweats, and run to her sisters' room."Alex, Luna it's me open the door!" Alex and Luna open up as soon as they realize it was Bella. They hugged her tightly but Bella tried to keep some distance. She explained to them that Phil attacked her and that she fought back. They mentioned the state he was in, Bella had to tell them that she was the wolf and the killer. She told them the police wouldn't believe her and that she had to get rid of the body herself. She told them to stay in their room until it was all taken care of.She went back to her room, wrapped the body in plastic, tossed it out the hole of a window and left the rest to mop later. Bella went to the backyard shack to get a shovel, dug a deep hole next to it, dumped the body, filled it up, pushed the shack onto it, and spread grass seeds onto the bald spot the shack used to stand on to cover it all up.Next, she took the soiled fabrics, tossed them out the window and burned them in the trash of nowhere, a woman that was running on a nearby trail saw the smoke. The moment they look into each others eyes, they formed a bond of a mother and child that would be unbreakable. Victoria, as she called herself, helped her clean up while Bella got the girls and herself packed. Victoria had offered them a place to stay, it was best they didn't stay here, one was bound to wonder where the father was, and Bella agreed out of ddesperateness.First story hope is ok so far and hope for good and not too bad reviews.
