So welcome! I will say before you read this, and I don't do this a lot; I do not own anything. I wish twilight went the way I wrote it and the story line would be a whole lot , I hated Twilight before my friend said, "You know Bella deserved Alice." Then I realized, yes, yes they should. So this will be rated T unless I get a review saying, let's have a *** scene. Then I shall do it. Also, I haven't watched the movie in years so please don't yell at me. But if you find this amazing and cool, review. It makes my day and makes my chapters roll out faster. So please enjoy!I can't believe I actually let my mother talk me into going to Forks, Washington. All I remember from living there was my parents yelling and the people as redneck as hell. Supposedly Charlie said they were okay with me being lesbian, but then again, Charlie was the only one I knew that when I told him I liked girls, he only said, "Good, you can't get pregnant," and went back to watching football.I was currently unpacking my bags. I didn't much; I'm very much the biggest tomboy you'll ever meet. I even put up my Assassin's Creed poster and my X-BOX was hooked into the TV. My room looked the same as when I left it, except Dad bought new bed sheets and also fixed the bathroom so it was very up-to date. Only downside was that Charlie can't cook. I was about done unpacking when I heard the doorbell ring.I knew Charlie was called in the office so I headed downstairs and opened the door to only be stunned. Two people, who looked like they walked out of a fashion show, were at my door. One was a tall guy, with spiked hair and skinny. The other was a curly, reddish haired guy, who looked like he was having a problem smiling."Hello, how may I help you two?" I asked, not know who these two men were. But Charlie already told me where ALL the guns were in the house so I feltsafe."Hello, we are really good friends of your father. I'm Edward Cullen," the tall one introduced himself. Edward then pointed, with two fingers, weird, to the shorter man, "And this is Jasper. He's my boyfriend. Your dad told our dad that you were coming today so my dad wanted us to come over and introduce ourselves. There's more of us but think of us as your first friends."Wow, were they nice? So I said, "Thanks. You both seem very nice. If you're like this, I can't wait to meet the rest of you."Jasper spoke next, he sounded like he just walked out of a Western movie, "We have another brother who's taller and bigger then Edward. His name is Emmett. We also have two sisters. One is a long blonde hair girl named Rosalie and we have a pixie who's the shortest with black hair is Alice."I was confused, "Wait, you keep saying 'our', how can that be?"Edward looked confused too but I guess to try and explain this, "Well a few years ago my dad, Doctor at a hospital, moved. I found Jasper and my brother Emmett found his sister Rosalie. But their parents were in a tragic accident and died. So they moved in with us. We all have different last names but we all say 'our' and stuff. Sorry to confuse you.""No no no, it's fine. But will you all be at school tomorrow?" I asked. I don't know why but I really wanted to hang out with them all. They seem so nice but I'm sure there's more to them than just their looks."Yes we will," Edward replied, "but if it's just to see Emmett, sorry he's taken.""Well I'm sorry too; I like girls, not guys."My response got both the men in front of me so happy and they giggled. I could only raise my eyebrow in question. I saw a yellow Porsche pull up, but couldn't see who was driving it.Jasper looked at the car and waved, "that's our ride. See you tomorrow Isabella. If you want, we all hang out by our cars in the morning.""Just call me Bella, Isabella is... It's not what I let my friends call me. But the truck you see there is mine and I can't drive it till I fix it," I said, pointing to the orange rust truck that Charlie got for me. But it had a whole bunch of problems. But good news was, I love fixing up cars."If you want, we can pick you up. Edward has a Mom's car Volvo," Jasper laughed and walked away before Edward could swipe at him."Thanks, I'll take up on that offer, if it's okay with you Edward?"Edward just stared at me and said, "I think we are going to be best friends."It felt like Deja-vu for me put I just smiled and he gave me a hug, telling me that he'll pick me up around 6 a.m. since Alice liked to be one of the first people at school. Nobody knew why, Edward told me. She has her own story to tell.They left but I swear I could make out the figure of a girl with spiked hair. When I thought she was looking my way, as Edward and Jasper made their way to the car, I smiled and stuck my tongue at her. Closing the door behind me.I calmed down from the talk and went back to my room, fixing it up. Then I headed down to look inside the fridge. I had Charlie take me to the store when he told me he orders in every night. I made some pasta and homemade tomato sauce. I knew he'd be home late, he always was. So I set out a nice big bowl for him, covered it in wrap and ate my food. I went to my room and got ready for sleep.But weirdly I dreamt of laughter and saw myself with a tiny girl. She looked hurt. I was tiny too. She was bald and crying. I felt so sad for her. When I went up next to her, I crouched a little and held her cheek. She looked up at me with these light hazel eyes; I got lost in them."Go away, didn't they tell you?"I didn't say anything but I felt myself shrug."I'm insane. Go away.""No, I want to make you not cry."She looked at me, slowly making a smile, "Names Alice."I woke up in a hot sweat and looked at my clock. 5 am in the morning. I groaned, wondering about my dream. It felt like I knew her from when I was a kid. I got into a car accident, which made my parents split. I don't remember much before the accident. I might have known her before this all. If I did, I still want to make her smile. Nobody should be like that.I wasted no time going in the shower. I got out and put on a long sleeve black t-shirt with jeans and some boots. I put on one of my jackets, a woodland jacket since I knew it was cold season and even though I've lived in Arizona my whole life, it gets cold at night. So Forks weather is nothing to me still. I just seem to wear the jacket out of habit.I got my backpack and looked at the clock. 5:45 am. I went downstairs to find Charlie eating the pasta cold but he seemed to be enjoying it. He saw me coming down the stairs, "Hey Bells sleep well?""Yeah Dad. It seems weird but it feels good being back here. I don't know. But two boys came over yesterday introducing themselves. One was Edward and Jasper," I said, making myself my favorite cereal, there squares of oatmeal, with some milk."Oh, Carlisle's boy's. They're good guys. I'm glad they came over," Charlie said back, sounding like he's still sleeping."Yup, they even said they'd pick me up today. I'll get the truck fixed before the next week of school. I'll ask him if he doesn't mind picking me up until then. They seem nice," when I got no answer, I saw Charlie had fallen asleep on the table.I sighed and grabbed a blanket and put it over him, putting his dish in the sink. I looked outside to see a Volvo pull in and Edward got out, ready to knock. But I got my backpack and opened the door before he could. I closed it quietly and locked it. He gave me a weird look until I said softly, "My dad fell asleep at the kitchen table while I was talking to him. I want him to rest so I couldn't let you knock the door."Edward put his thumbs up and took me to his car, opening the back door for me. I got in and said good morning to Jasper. He had on a Glee CD and was singing to it. Edward drove to school, smiling each time Jasper got really into the music. They were the perfect couple.We got to school and I realized everyone would want to know about the new girl in school. This school had less than 1,000 kids at it. It looked like a normal school. We pulled up in an empty spot next to a gray Jeep. Two people were cuddled in a big blanket. I guessed the big guy was Emmett and the girl was Rosalie. They seemed to be having fun. She was laughing and he looked like he was the luckiest guy in the world.I got out first and both of them noticed me. Rosalie stopped smiling, looking me over, "Who are you?""My name is Isabella Swan, but you can call me Bella. Please, I'd rather not hear my real name," I said, flashbacks of things that had happened to me. Like most people I had a bad past but I never told anyone, only my mother knew it.Emmett didn't stop smiling but instead jumped down from the Jeep and gave me a bear hug, lifting me off the ground, "Welcome Bella! Do you do sports? You look like you have some meat on you."I laughed, realizing this was the big brother I never had, "I used to play football at my old high school. I was the blind side for the quarterback. I also did girl's weightlifting.""Sweet, how much did you bench?""I benched about 200 lbs. I was going to max out before I left. I was going for 220 or 230 lbs.""See? This is the sister I always wanted. You're my new sister now."I laughed at this, "As long as you're my big brother, never had one.""Wow! Guys, I have a new sister!" Everyone giggled.Soon as I was talking to everyone, the yellow Porsche pulled up and out came Alice. She might have been short but that didn't stop me from looking at her. She wore tight jeans that accented every curve of her body, a shirt with some French on it and a picture of the Eiffel Tower, and her shoes were converses but the ones that were lifted with a heel. Basically, she looked like sex-on-legs.Nobody except Emmett saw me looking. He smiled and nudged me, which got me out of her spell, but only for a little while.'She's single you know," he said softly so nobody but me would hear.I shook my head, "No girl like that, likes damaged girls like me. Trust me brother."He was too busy being happy about me calling him brother than to notice what I said until later. She talked to Rosalie and then skipped over to me, she had a very nice voice, it sounded soothing but at the same time energetic, "Hello there. You must be Bella, pleasure to meet you."She shook my hand and I felt electric shocks being sent to my whole body but it felt very good. I blushed, "Nice to finally meet you Alice. You have a really nice family.""Thanks, we try but Emmett's too much of a child."Emmett pouted, "I'm no child. I'm a big boy."I laughed, adding fuel to the fire, "So they let you play with the Fisher-Price toys Emmett?"He nodded but realized he just said he played with kid toys. Everyone laughed and I asked where I could find my classes. Charlie had gotten me classes' sheet. Alice looked them over and squealed, "You have all of the same classes as me. This is going to be so much fun."I smiled and looked up at the cloudy sky; I think I'm going to like this place.
