Here is my pre-homework assignment for PTB. This was just something in my head. Not from any story of mine.You know I don't own twilight, right?!This is intended for MA NOT M! It's mature but it's not crazy so be serious!Late For DinnerThe house is pitch dark when Edward enters, he closes the door quietly behind him, taking a deep breath and smiling to himself. Home. His green eyes scan the front room for any signs of her. His body is fatigued from working all night at his bar, but he will not let that deter him from his need of her. He's been thinking about her tight pussy all day, and he was pissed when his night manager called out causing him to stay an extra shift and miss dinner again. She's going to be fucking pissed.He rest his lean body against the doorframe, breathing in the faint smell of his missed dinner. Smelled like fried chicken and mashed potatoes. He runs his hand through his messy copper hair in frustration. Damn it. He thought to himself as he pushed himself off the door, he weaved his way through the large living room. The house is clean but clearly lived in. He takes the stairs two at a time his cock getting harder the closer he gets to his destination. Bella.Reaching their bedroom door, he opens it slowly and closes it behind him. He stares at the small curvy figure in the bed. Her dark brown hair is fanned out across the bed, her delicate pale shoulders heave up and down with every breath she takes. His greedy eyes travel her naked body, her long back leads to the ass he loves. A thin sheet separates his eyes from one of his favorite assets of hers. His cock strains against his jeans, he licks his lips as his mouth pools with lust. Peeling off his black t-shirt he reveals a muscled tattooed body. An intricate design of tribal tattoos covers his arms and part of his chest. Another tattoo sits over his heart in cursive letters are the words 'Bella, My Heart", with a date written in smaller font beneath it.Making quick work of the rest of his clothes, Edward is soon standing naked beside the bed staring down at Bella like she is prey and he is the hungry predator. Twisting his hard cock, he stares down at her biting his lips. Sliding into the bed, careful not to startle her, he kisses her bare shoulder, soft and wet, causing her to moan in her sleep. Edward's hand slowly moves underneath the sheet, kneading her plump ass, kisses travel down her back, his tongue teasing while he goes. His hand snakes around her hips, fingers finding her hot center, waiting for him. Lips travel over her plump ass, biting and sucking, while his fingers start teasing her pussy.She moans his name, "Edward.""I've been thinking about fucking you all night, baby."He says as, Bella rolls over, causing him to remove his long fingers from her wet pussy. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes. She stares down at him, brown eyes meeting green. Without removing his eyes from her, Edward trails slow kisses up her stomach. His fingers find her wet and ready for him, he starts pumping one long digit in and out of her. Bella's back arches while Edward's mouth captures one nipple into his waiting mouth. He bites down as he adds another finger inside of her.Bella takes hold of his raging hard-on, pumping with one hand while she grabs his hair with the other."You missed dinner, asshole."She hisses out while he bites down on her nipple."How can I make it up to you?" He says as his tongue trails from one breast to another."I want you to lick me, then fuck me hard." She smiles at him pumping his cock a few more times before releasing it.Capturing her lips in a fierce kiss, he sucks on her tongue as she squirms beneath him. Kissing down her delectable body, he reaches the promise land, rubbing his nose across her bare mound. Bella spreads her legs apart, her hands find a home on her breasts, kneading them and pinching her nipples.Edward watches her with hungry eyes, without breaking eye contact he licks up her center causing shivers to run through her body. Running his tongue up her wet pussy again, he focuses on her clit, sucking the swollen nub into his mouth.Bella gyrates against his warm mouth, grabbing his hair with one hand, while the other stays on one of her breasts. Edward adds a finger into her hot pussy, causing her to cry out in pleasure."Fuck, yes!" She yells out as he inserts a second finger.He captures her clit into his mouth sucking, her pussy grips his fingers while her orgasm attacks her."That's it, come in my fucking mouth, baby." Edward laps up her juices like a starving man. Bella continues coming into his mouth while she pulls on one plumb nipple.Edward watches her pull at her tits in pleasure, sitting up he rams into her hard without hesitation."Oh Fuck! Edward!"He grabs hold of her hips pulling them into him as he lifts her ass off the bed. He sets a grueling pace. Thrusting in and out of her like a man on a mission."So fucking tight, baby."Edward slams into her a few more times, and then pulls out of her. She looks up at him trying to catch her breath."On all fours, now." He growls out at her and she assumes the position with lightening speed.He lines his hard cock up to her throbbing pussy and enters her slow this time. Bending down he places soft kisses on her shoulder causing her to whimper."Play with your clit, baby." He whispers.She moves one hand down to her swollen clit while she holds her body weight with the other. Edward starts a slow and steady pace trying to keep his orgasm at bay. His large hands grip her hips pulling her into him. Pulling almost all the way out leaving just the head in, he slams into her."Oh Edward!"He repeats his motions over and over again, pulling almost all the way out and slamming back into her. His speed picks up with every pull out. Slamming into her in quick thrust, he circles his waist grinding up against her. Bella rubs at her clit fiercely as her orgasm builds in her stomach, her toes curl, her head rears back in pleasure."That's it, baby! Feel what I do to you."Edward continues thrusting into her, his eyes closed, head back in ecstasy, nails biting into her soft flesh as her body continues to shake in pleasure. Another orgasm hits her as she tries to come down from her first one."My pussy!" Edward thrust hard in to her."Mine!" He says it again with another thrust."Yours! Fuck! All yours." She cries out as another orgasm erupts through her body, Edward removes himself from her, fisting his cock in his large hands.Bella turns around without being told, and captures his dick in between her lips."You want me to come in your mouth or on your tits?" He ask as she deep throats him, taking most of him inside of her mouth. She releases him and looks up at him, her tongue swirling around the thick head of his cock."Come in my mouth, please." She takes a playful nip at his dick and he smirks down on her."Don't be fucking cute."She engulfs him inside of her mouth again, and he takes hold of her hair, fucking into her mouth. She chokes on ten inches of cock and loves every second of it as she moans around him. One of her hands moves to his balls and she juggles them like an expert juggler."Fuck!" Edward screams out as he thrust into her mouth one last time, she swallows every drop then licks around the head smiling up at him.He bends down and captures her mouth in a searing kiss, pushing her down on the bed. They lay next to each other with her head on his chest, his arms wrapped securely around her."I love you, baby." He whispers as he places a soft kiss on her forehead.She smiles pecking at his chest, "I love you too, but stop fucking missing dinner!"He laughs as he turns over and kisses her hard. "Whatever you say Mrs. Cullen.The End
