Ice Ice BabySummary: "She has Edward. That's who she loves! Not you!" He gripped her wrists and she looked up at him, her eyes were begging him, pleading for him not to leave her. "You're not my imprint, Nozomi."Pairings: Jacob/OCNote: I hope you'll enjoy this fanfiction, I've decided to take a crack at this genre so be gentle alright?S/N: Story is based around the song Ice Ice Baby by Tiny-G"What does she have that I don't! She's a human! A helpless human who can't even protect herself from a motorcycle accident much less anything else! I'm your imprint Jake! All the stolen kisses, hugs and talks? Do they mean nothing to you?!" A ninja like her had been taught to never show her emotions but she couldn't help it. She had enough of him fawning over a woman who didn't love him the way she did. She was a skilled warrior, always had been, always will be. A woman who would slaughter newborns or whatever target she was given without hesitation. She felt the tears sliding down her cheeks before she looked up at him. She banged on his chest and her voice was filled with sobs. Standing in her special place in the forest, she was ready for the battle ahead. "She needs me, Nozomi." Her heart shattered. No.No.No."She has Edward. That's who she loves! Not you!" He gripped her wrists and she looked up at him, her eyes were begging him, pleading for him not to leave her."She needs me. She will understand that. She loves me!" He said with finalization. She shook her head and tugged her wrists from his hands."I'm your imprint! Jake, please!""You're not." It was so low she almost missed it."What?" Her voice spoke softly. "You're not my imprint, Nozomi." He confessed.She couldn't feel anything. It hurt. Everything hurt. Like it was crumbling all around her. She lifted her hand, and her palm connected to his cheek with a mighty smack. Her heart had shattered and reformed into a stone. A small piece of her, the loving piece had wanted him to take it back. Tell her he lied, tell her he loved her like he did when he made love to her."Leave." Was her last word. And he turned and left her in the field without a word.A Few Weeks Earlier:The sun peeked over the horizon and the young girl was awoken by it rays. She rubbed her eyes and sat up in the plastic palace, that was called a tent. She looked over to the plastic zipper and unzipped it before peeking out. It was sunny yet rainy looking outside, she was a little concerned. An umbrella would be needed for the day.She turned and zipped up her sleeping bag and pulled out her clothing for today. She would be starting school at a place called La Push high. It was strange but this was where they sent her and she had to obey. Those were her orders, she was ready. High school would be strange but she was sure she'd do okay.Hopefully.She walked to the river in her white yukata and walked to the river. She stepped into the water and shivered, nothing would beat a hot shower but she had to wait until the renovations were done. As of two weeks ago, she was staying with an old man and woman who ran a small dojo for stealth. She had been one of their students for a while and she still was. She hat to be patient while the renovations were being done to the house. They had to fly in someone to fix up the house, since it was Japanese styled.She mused about it during her bath before she stepped out the river and dried herself. A hum passed her lips as she dressed for the day, in a pleated skirt with thigh high white socks. Long sleeved black sweater and black Mary janes. She tugged a brush through her short red hair and she smiled at herself in the mirror. After quickly brushing her teeth she grabbed her school bag, closed her tent and ran out the forest.She grinned skipping a bit. She was so excited for school in America no less!It was such a nice place, a little rainy but she didn't mind!She stopped in front of the school and her eyes widened. Wow! How interesting, did they not change shoes or anything? She shook her head before walking in ignoring the whispers of the student body. Apparently it was rare that they got new students and it didn't help that she was from out of the country it seemed. She made her way to the office and opened the door."Hello I'm the new student? Eto...Nozomi." She spoke. The woman looked up at her and chuckled handing her a schedule and shooing her out the office. Nozomi shrugged and read the paper before walking the crowded halls, dancing in between people so she wouldn't bump into them.She didn't like people enough to touch them, like so.She made her way to the door and it opened. Nervous, something she rarely felt but she did this time. Walking in, the teacher's eyes widened."Nzomee." The woman spoke. Nozomi raised an eyebrow as the woman incorrectly butchered her name. She looked at the chalkboard and picked up the chalk before writing it.NOZOMI TSUBASA."Ah Nozomi, Please introduce yourself." The teacher spoke warmly."I am Nozomi Tsubasa, I come from Hiroshima Japan, in the Hayabusa village. I hope you'll take care of me." The tent using lady dipped her head and the class stared in wonderment. She looked up and made her way to an empty desk which happened to be next to a chocolate eyed male.He glared at her and she took a seat next to him before looking a head and taking out a notebook and a pen. She wanted to take good notes, learning English was a tad Difficult.She didn't look at him not once and that unnerved him. He eyed the piece of metal in her ear, a blue tooth? She had one in school? What for?He shook his head.It didn't matter.She wasn't important.=w=The day went by quickly and she stood before grabbing her bag before she turned and looked at her partner. It was the same guy from that morning the one she sat by. Time had stopped. Everything had ceased to be, he was beautiful to look at. How interesting. She shivered before breaking eye contact with him. She shook her head and blushed before turning her head. He grabbed her wrist and she turned to look up at him."Can I help you?" She asked softly."I'm Jacob, Jacob Black.""Nozomi Tsubasa." She murmured gently, taking her hand back before turning."See you around, Zomi." He told her. She nodded making her way to her locker. The younger girl opened the metal and sighed softly. She wondered if she would find /her/ here. Her and a girl named Leah Clearwater had been pen pals for a year or so but recently, she'd never get a reply back from her letters.She could always tell how brash Leah was from how she spoke in her Letter's. She had a brother, a male named Seth Clearwater, Nozomi knew if she could find him, she could find Leah. She grabbed a book from her locker and turned before closing it and walking out of the school.She didn't notice a group of females glaring at her. If she did, she didn't care. Nozomi waited it out on a bench at the edge of the school eying the male who was with a group of men. She opened her bento box and pulled out chopsticks before placing rice in her mouth. She was a very small eater, for good reason. Even though she lived in a tent, she had resources to make sure she would have food for the next day. The small portion chicken, the rice balls and the wieners vanished as she ate. Her red eyes looked up at the males before a young lady joined them. She was quite cute.She looked up at a girl who was quite pretty, blonde hair green eyes."You're the new girl who sat next to Jacob so boldly." She sneered. Nozomi rolled her eyes at her, she had heard of these kinds of people. Bullies right?"And if I am?" The ninja asked with a raised eyebrow."If you know what's good for you, you'll stay far away from Jacob." She warned. Nozomi didn't bat an eyelash at this girl."Look here girl.""Its Keira!""Keira, I will sit by Jacob if I please. I will befriend who ever I please and you and your little group can't do anything to stop me." Nozomi stood and brushed off her skirt her red eyes connecting to the girls. Keira shivered but kept her bitch girl stance. She hated this new Asian girl already!"We'll make you pay.." She hissed."We'll see. Good day to you Keira." Nozomi spoke before grabbing her bag and walking passed them. She heard the whispers of the student body already and she shook it off, she didn't care. She found herself walking passed Jacob again as well. He gave her a smile and she blushed, ducking down into her books. He was really handsome.She smiled to herself before walking down a dirt road to the edge of the forest. She enjoyed the forest air. Looking around at all the people who had left she made a beeline for the woods. She didn't want people to start their talk of her again. She shook her head when she made her way back to her tent and unzipped it."Mom...I'm back." She picked up a frame with a woman who had white hair and red eyes. Her mother had been albino, but she was so sweet. A year ago she was killed in a car accident that claimed her life on the spot. It was the reason why she didn't have a place to stay at the moment. The young girl planned to get another job soon so she could help out a bit more.Being a Ninja didn't always pay the bills.Night fell quickly as she began her homework. She had been working on it for a while before the ringing started.'Agent Nozomi.'She stilled, it was her boss. Her boss was a very stern man with a wife and a few children. "Yes sir?""There has been word of some type of creature roaming around the area, I need you to scout the area and report back to me."'Of course sir.' She spoke softly into the air. She knew he heard her. She furrowed her brow and pulled a suit from a bag. Her stealth suit. It was a cat suit that had purple lining. She slipped on the black boots and laced them up and pulled up her half face mask.Sliding her tanto's on her thighs and took off out the tent.=w=Jacobs mind was wandering on that new girl. Nozomi. She was a mystery, a new student from Japan. Insuch an interesting country why would she want to come to La push?"Jake, Sam called, he said you're on patrol tonight?" An elderly man spoke wheeling into the living room. He regarded Billy with a smile."Yeah. I'm going right now. I'll see you later Dad.""Be safe Jake."Jake took off into the forest before phasing. He shook himself off and stretched, before chuckling inwardly. Nozomi, she was tip-toeing through his mind all day. He loved looking at her. She was beautiful, her eyes, were red like blood and her hair looked so silky to the touch. He wanted to run his fingers through it.Keep her close to him. He wanted her all to himself.'Yo Jake! Heard the news.' Embry teased with a smirk.'Shut up.' Jake growled before shaking his head. It was dark out and his sense were heightened and thus, he heard something.'Hear that?' Leah asked looking around.'Yeah.' Jake nodded before shooting off after the scent.Nozomi was running on her toes before she dove behind a large tree. She was on a suicide mission as usual, new born vampires running a muck in La Push, the Wolves were probably having a conniption. Nozomi didn't understand why her boss didn't just tell her that she was hunting newborns. It would have made her choices for weapons much easier.The small fighter has been very aware of the supernatural ever since she had preformed her first ninpo at the age of 7. She knew that humans and the supernatural were intertwined and she was destined to pick a side.But.She never did. She was a ninja. Not a monster, or a human. She was a murderer, murderer's were not human. She shook her head of the thoughts and sprung on her feet before pulling out two kunai's and climbing the tree to get to the top. She looked around and she knew the wolves were hot on her trail but, for what reason?They hunted the same things.Would they kill her for being on their lands?Would they kill her for hunting their prey?
