Hey everyone! This is my new Seth/OC story. I'll be posting a new chapter every week. It's my second fanfic, so for anyone reading my Doctor Who story: it is currently on hold due to my massive writers block for that story :/ sorry.Anyway, on to the story!"Scarlett Delilah Carter! I told you a million times to clean this room. There are only a couple of days before we move so start cleaning!" My mother shouted, poking her head into my room. I rolled my eyes and closed my laptop screen shut."Okay mom, I'll start now." I said. I got up and started picking up dirty clothing that was on the floor. My mother gave a satisfied nod and left my room. I sighed and jumped back on my bed and opened back my laptop. I re-opened Facebook and quickly scanned the new feed. Suddenly the little world in the corner lit up, signaling a new notification. I clicked and saw that my best friend, Jaime, had written on my wall. I sighed and chose to ignore it for the moment.Scarlett Carter-that's me if you hadn't realized it yet. I used to have dark brown hair that looked pitch black, but that was before I had died my hair dark red. It fitted better with my light green eyes. I'm fifteen, soon turning sixteen, and enjoying the new found freedom from school for a short break. It would probably be a great break too if it wasn't for the reason for the break.I'm being forced to move.Mother dearest decided that it would be a good idea to get a change of scenery ever since my dad walked out on us, and now we are moving to some small town in Washington. Which, might I say, is the complete opposite of my home-city of Chicago. I grew up here. I love it here.I'm being forced to leave my home and I'm not at all happy about it. Sure, Chicago may be bipolar with the weather; having really hot summers and extremely cold winters, but I would rather have this than having it always being cloudy and dreary like it is in Washington.I was snapped out of my thoughts when I heard my phone doing its vibrating spazz, and continuing its spazz, letting me know someone is calling me. I looked down at the screen seeing who is calling.Incoming Call: Jaime Awesomeness :DI sighed and tapped the Answer button."Hey Jaime," I said. "What's up?""Scar, I don't want to be the one to tell you, but I can't let this go on any longer." She sounded worried. I furrowed my eyebrows."What are you talking about?" She was silent for a few seconds. Then I heard her take a deep breath through the call."Joshischeatingonyou!" she suddenly blurted out, so fast I could barely understand a word she said. I started at the wall, my jaw dropping. It couldn't be. Josh wouldn't do that to me. We were in loveright?"What?!" I practically yelled, finally finding my voice."I'm so sorry." Suddenly the line went dead. I ran a hand through my hair and quickly scrolled though my contact list quickly pressing the call button on whom I wanted to call.The phone rang a couple times before someone finally picked up."Hello?" That was not Josh. This voice was feminine, and unless Josh decided to do a really good girl impression, then I have no idea who it could be."Who is this? Is Josh there?" I asked, my nerves growing with each second."Josh is in the shower. This is his girlfriend, Jenna." My heart shattered. I quickly ended the call and felt the tears well up in my eyes. I angrily threw my phone at the wall and went to my closet and grabbed my suitcase out of it.If he didn't want me here then I'll be happy to leave. Who wants to stay here with a stupid no good cheating EX boyfriend anyway? Not to mention Jaime. She said she couldn't let it go on any longerhow long had she known?I can't stay here anymore.I stopped throwing things in my suitcase and fell to the floor, choking on my sobs. I just wanted to get out of here.~~SC~~ (-Page breaker for this story)3 days laterThe plane ride from Chicago to Seattle wasn't too long, but it was terribly boring. My mother and I are now driving to the small town of Forks, were we will be living now. I saw a sign letting the public know that there was a beach towards the reservation. I made a mental note to go visit the beach very soon.We pulled into the drive way of our new house and I got out of the car quickly. The house seemed average and very simple, yet it had a certain charm to it. I look around our house and saw that there was a police car parked in the neighbors drive way along with a large, beat-up orange pick up trick. Weird.I opened the trunk and started taking out some of the boxes that we had taken with us in the car instead of the moving truck. I had a few boxes stacked up in my arms and accidentally tripped over my own feet. I closed my eyes bracing for the fall when I felt an ice cold arm wrap around my waist, saving me, and the boxes, from crashing down.I opened my eyes and saw that the boxes were stacked and being held in the other arm of the one that was holding me up. I followed the arms up and saw a teenage boy, who was probably no older than 17. He had tousled bronze hair and light gold eyes. He was pale, almost sickly, and seemed to be inhumanly beautiful."Are you okay?" He asked, his voice sounded musical."Y-yeah. Thanks." I quickly got out of his embrace. He offered to take the boxes inside and I gave the oh so smart remark by saying, "I don't even know who you are." He laughed and I could feel my cheeks heat up in a blush."My name is Edward Cullen.""Well thanks for the offer but I think can manage, Edward." I grabbed the boxed from his arm and thanked him again. I only got a few steps away when he had called out to me. I turned slightly, so I would be able to see him."I never got your name." He said."My name's Scarlett." I answered and started going back to my house. I turned around, expecting to see him walking away, only to find that he had disappeared.What the heck?I shook my head and went into the house.~~Time Skip~~A few hours later my mother and I had finally finished packing. I looked at the clock to see it was only 4:25."Mom! I'm going out, be back soon." I called out. I heard a faint don't go too far out before leaving the house on my bike. I had found a bike path near the forest and followed it, wondering where it would lead. Eventually I had found another sign leading to the small beach, First Beach. I decided to follow it so I can see what the beach looked like here.I looked around the beach in disappointment. It was a rocky beach and didn't seem to have the usually beach charm. I sighed; at least I'm near the ocean. I saw a group of boys throwing a football near where I was standing and chose to ignore them. It seemed to work, until I felt a sudden pain in the back of my head while I was walking along the beach and fell to the ground. I looked to the side of me and saw the football. They boys must've accidentally thrown it at me, and it was possible. Those guys seemed to be on steroids."I'm so sorry. I guess I didn't know what I was doing. Here let my help you. I'm Embry by the way. Gosh I really am sorry." I took the hand the guy was offering; he said his name was Embry. He kept babbling and I rolled my eyes."Hey look, it's okay. No harm done." I gave him a smile and he smiled back."You should come meet my friends." He started to pull me over to the group of big muscled guys. "I never caught your name by the way.""Uh, my name is Scarlett." I said."Cool name" We were now at his group, and suddenly I felt all eyes on me. I quickly glanced at everyone before taking a sudden interest in my black converse shoes. From what I saw, there was only three of the group left. They all looked fairly the same, dark russet skin and dark brown hair."Hey guys, I want you to meet Scarlett. She's the one that was hit in the head with our football." He gave a nervous chuckle."Hi Scarlett, I'm Quil! That's Jacob and the smaller one is Seth." I looked up and saw one of the guys step forward with his hand stretched out. I quickly shook it and was soon met by another hand."I'm Jacob." I shook his hand and then looked towards the last one. He seemed slightly shorter than the others, but still towered over my 5' 7" frame. His dark brown eyes met mine and I felt everything stop.So there's the first chapter! Let me know what you all think! So, hopefully I'll be able to post a chapter every week, and as of right now, I'm not sure about how long this story will be. I have the ending all planned out, and I know the plot, I just need to write it all.Don't be shy to review, I look forward to reading and responding to them!So until next week dear readers: Stay wonderfully awesome!
