Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all, not me.Esme's POVI and Carlisle stood just inside the doors of the airport waiting for the return of three of our children while the other three waited for us in the underground parking lot. I looked around hoping to spot them but bowed my head and sighed as there was no sign of them, when I looked up however, I saw them walking toward us and smiled.Alice, Edward and Bella. They had just gotten off the plane from Volterra, Italy after being nearly killed by the Volturi but they were home now and they were safe.If it were possible for me to shed tears there would have been a water works show, I was so happy to see them, I had been so worried about them. As they walked toward us I noticed my youngest Bella, she looked so angry as she glared daggers in my direction and I knew why.Eight months ago Bella had turned 18 and we had thrown a party for her birthday. She was opening a gift from Carlisle and I when she got a paper cut which was what started this whole thing. My son Jasper smelt the blood and because he wasn't as controlled as the rest of us yet had lunged in an attempt to quench his thirst for blood but before he could make that mistake his brothers had grabbed him and dragged him outside.Later that week, Edward had come home saying that we needed to leave Forks and never return for Bella's safety. He said that if we stayed we'd only end up hurting her and that this was the only way for her to live a normal human life but I was having none of it.FlashbackEdward stormed into the house and slammed the door behind him clearly angry about something."Edward, what's the matter?" I asked my youngest son.Before he got a chance to awnser Alice came downstairs in a blur of vampiric speed shouting at him "Go ahead Edward, Tell her! Tell Mom how you destroyed her, how you plan on ditching our sister, Tell her!" Alice growled at her brother furiously.I looked to my son then back to my daughter in confusion and cocked an eyebrow at their little tiff."Edward, would you care to explain what your sister is going on about?" I asked suspiciously."Tell Mom what you did Edward, TELL HER!" Alice screached."Alice enough!" I scolded and turned to my son. "Tell me what? What is going on Edward and I want the truth?" I asked annoyed by their game of 20 questions."We need to leave Forks tonight, all of us. Bella was nearly killed because of us so we need to leave before she ends up getting hurt or worse. She can go on with her life and she won't be in danger anymore. It will be as if we never exsisted." Edward told me.As I heard his words it felt as if someone had ripped my silent heart out of my chest and set it on fire before all I could see was red.I stood motionless in the living room as I stared into space. I watched as Edward walked towards me and call my name."Esme? Esme are you okay?" he asked.I felt his hand on my shoulder and almost as if my body had a mind of its own, my reflexes kicked in before I could stop them and I slapped him.An earth shattering crack sounded throughout the house as my hand connected with Edward's face and I snapped back to reality at the sound."Edward Anthony Masen Cullen if you do this, if you make us leave her behind, if you make me leave her behind it will destroy this family and I will never forgive you!" I snarled and in an instant I was in my room and slamming the door with a loud crash.End FlashbackI rushed at human pace to hug her and tell how sorry I was but I stopped in my tracks as she glared at me with eyes so full anger and resentment that it broke my heart."Bella I-" I started but stopped myself deciding that this wasn't the time or place and it was obvious she didn't want to talk anyway."Nevermind, We can talk later." I said simply as we walked to the car.When we got home Emmett carried his little sister into the house as she had fallen asleep on the drive home."I'll take her, she can sleep in our room for now." I said as I took Bella in my arms."Okay Mom. Is she still mad at us?" Emmett asked with a pained expression on his face. "I don't know honey but I certainly hope not." I replied with a smile.I took her up to mine and Carlisle's room and gently set her on our bed. True, we didn't sleep but it was still nice to have a bed even if it was only for apperances.I heard Edward arguing with his brothers downstairs and went to break it up before they woke their sister."Stay out of this Emmett. Bella is my concern not yours, I will deal with it," Edward hissed. "Leaving her on the forest floor is how you show your concern? Your an idiot and you don't deserve her." Emmett growled."That is enough! If you two wake her up, both of you are going to be sorry. Now, Emmett I will deal with your brother but I need you to calm down so go and find Rose." I said as I gave them both a look.Emmett just nodded and left the room but before Edward got a chance I grabbed him and dragged him outside and out of hearing distance."You, Edward are in very big trouble! You are to stay away from her because you have done enough damage and I will not have you making a mess of this family, You stay away from her or so help me It'll be the last thing you ever do!" I screamed in fury."I told you the day we left that if you made us leave her that I would make you regret it and that I would never forgive you and I damn well meant it! She is not a piece of property Edward and She does not belong to you, She is mine! I will not let you destroy her!" I screamed through my thoughts knowing he could hear them.Edward heard my thoughts and lunged at me but I dodged his attack and grabbed him by his throat and smashed him against the ground sending bits of dirt flying.STAY AWAY EDWARD, BELLA IS MINE!I got up and ran back to the house leaving Edward in the dirt. I walked into the house feeling satisfied that he wouldn't try anything atleast not for awhile anyway. I smirked triumphantly as I walked up the stairs to my room to check on my baby girl but the smirk disappeared fast as I realized she was gone."Where's Bella?" I called down to my family. "She left. Said she would walk home and didn't want to see or talk to us." Alice called to me sounding defeated."Jasper sweetie, were her emotions truthful? Does she really not want us?" I asked trying to keep my voice even. "She's angry with us and rightfully so but I also felt sadness. I believe she feels as though we left because we didn't want her, she feels that we abandoned her. Bella's sadness and anger was almost too much to bear." Jasper explained."Then we must prove to her that we never meant to hurt her and that we love her, it won't be easy but we must try because I will not lose my daughter, she wants to be one of us and even if I have to change her myself she will get her wish. Edward told her that he wouldn't allow it but its not up to him, its Bella's choice so if she still wants to be one of us then I will give her that. If she does not want to be with us anymore then we cannot force her to but until she tells us that she wants nothing to do with us and means it then we will keep trying to show her how much we love her." I told them and they all nodded in agreement."What about Edward? He's not gonna be happy and he will try to stop us, I've seen it," Alice stated. "That is why your father is going to keep him occupied and out of our way, Isn't that right Carlisle?" I asked as I shot him a deadly glare."Yes, of course my love." Carlisle replied and kissed my cheek."Good. Now I am going to find her and try to talk some sense into our precious Bella. Alice honey don't let Edward out of your sight, I'll be back as soon as I can." I told them and then pulled Carlisle out of hearing range."Carlisle we need to fix this, I cannot stand the thought of Edward hurting her again. Where did we go wrong? How did we not see this coming?" I asked as I dry sobbed into his chest. "Shh, I know Esme I know. I promise you we will fix this because I can't bare to see you like this anymore, I need to see that gorgeous smile of yours again and the only to do that is to bring our family back together," he whispered comfortingly.I looked up into his eyes and they were filled with love and concern. I wound my arms around his neck and felt his arms around my waist as he pulled me close and leaned down to kiss me.I kissed him back and then rested my head on his shoulder "Carlisle, I love you so much. I have to go find Bella but I promise I'll come back to you as soon as possible. I love you," I told him and kissed him again. "Of course honey, I love too Esme. Find her and bring her home, I'll see you soon my love." He said and kissed me one last time.
