Chapter OneThe clans had been battling for generations. There had been losses on all sides. The fields had been watered with the blood of their boys and all had grown weary. The final straw had come when a skirmish had resulted in the loss of Laird Black's nephew, Collin. He had fallen to a Cullen sword and in the fray William Black had rushed forward on his steed only to be thrown to the ground and landed on by said horse. His back was broken. The clan had rescued him and carried him back to the keep.The physic had declared that the laird would live, but that he was not likely to ever walk again. A black cloud descended upon the land. Much talk was had about who would ascend to the role of Laird and how they would make the Cullen's pay for this latest offence.Finally after weeks of recovery Laird William was carried down on a litter to the main hall. He had called for his men, and more importantly for his son. He looked at the assembled company and saw brave and strong men. They had sacrificed for him and had built a keep of which to be proud. The village thrived, when not in battle, but those periods of peace and prosperity had been few and far between."It is enough," the Laird sighed. "I refuse to lose one more man to this madness. I will send a peace party to parlay with the Cullens and an accord will be reached, no matter the price. Do I make myself clear?""Father, this is madness and grief speaking! You canna mean this!" Jacob Black roared. He was angry. He had lost his dearest friend when Collin had fallen, and now his father was injured for life. He had no stomach for peace at present."I mean every word. I will head the delegation, and we will forge a lasting peace or die trying!" Roared the Laird in his full voice. "And hear me well, boy, you will play your part in it or you are no son of mine!"The hall was deathly quiet at that. Jacob and his father eyed each other for several long minutes. Both were fierce warriors, both were men of intelligence and integrity, and both knew that the choice made in this moment would affect the entire clan."I am your son, Laird, and I bow to your wisdom," Jacob said kneeling before his sire.William Black's eyes softened in pride for his son. "You are my right arm, Jacob, and I depend on you to assist me in this endeavor. Assemble our finest and we shall go to Cullen and seek a parlay."With that the men broke into groups to begin preparations. The Laird directed his men to carry his litter into his private chamber and he sent for his son. Jacob attended him."Jacob, you concern me," he said. "I know you are as weary of war as I, why would you defy me, in that room of all places.""You canna know how my blood boils at the thought of negotiating with the Cullens. They have taken, and taken, and taken. Collin was one of our best. Father, look at yourself! You lie upon that litter because of them! How can you speak of peace?""It is because I lie here that I know we must speak of nothing else! How can this continue? How many good men must we lose? I'll allow no more!" Roared the Laird. "I have sent a messenger to Cullen land and have begged Laird Cullen to accept a peace party into their lands in hope of ending this madness. You are my son, my heir apparent, but I canna allow you to succeed me if I canna trust you to lead my people with their fates foremost in your mind."Jacob paced before his father, seething. He had not grieved Collin's loss as he was so focused on his father's recovery. "I hate the thought of groveling to the Cullen. I would rather run him through for what he has taken from you.""Jacob," William said softening, "Carlisle Cullen is not responsible for my injury. I am.""What?!""I turned the horse too sharply to try and get to Collin. I was unsafe, and I have paid the price.""I canna believe you would absolve those who killed him? He was like a son to you.""And you are my son! I long to give you and your children a better life. Do you want to raise sons only to watch them go off to slaughter? And for what? What have these years of feud gained us? In all this time we have neither of us won or lost more than a few thousand acres. We still hold our lands and they still hold theirs. Nothing is truly gained, but plenty is lost. I will not see the next generation repeating the mistakes of the past. I will not."Jacob looked into his father's face and saw the sorrow and the pain. His blood still burned for revenge, but he knew that his father had a point. Collin had a young wife and son he had left behind. A son who would never know his father all for an ancient grudge that none recalled. He knew that he was considered the only man who could fill the role of laird when his father abdicated it. If he could not bury his ire he could lose his father's favour and see the clan passed to his cousin, Sam Uley. Sam would lead well, but he was not born to be Laird, Jacob was."I serve you, Laird.""Good man."Meanwhile at the Cullen Keep a messenger was being brought to the Laird. The hall was filled with the hustle and bustle of daily life. The scouts had spotted the messenger and accompanied him to the Laird to ensure that there was no plot afoot."Laird, this man comes bearing a message from Clan Black," Emmett McCarty, Carlisle Cullen's defender announced leading the emissary in.Carlisle Cullen was not a large man in stature, but he was large in mind and presence. He eyed the young man who came forward and presented the scroll from Laird Black. "What is your name?""Seth Clearwater," the young man said."You are welcome, young Seth. Take your rest and eat your fill. You are a guest here and no harm will come to you while you are in my care." The Laird spoke to the man, but his tone and pointed delivery made his message clear to every man, woman, and child in the hall. No one under the Laird's control would dare disobey the clear order."Come Clearwater," said Lady Esme, the laird's wife, "We will see to your comfort." She led him from the room and several maids set about to see to his needs.Once he had been seen to the laird signaled for all but his main advisors to depart the hall. He was left with Emmett McCarty, Edward Masen, and Jasper Whitlock. He opened the scroll and read it thoroughly before reading it aloud to his men."Laird Cullen, I doona know if you were made aware, but I was injured in our last encounter. I have spent these many moon recovering myself enough to face some hard truths. This blood feud between us has cost more than I am willing to pay. I buried the last son of my clan I am willing to bury because of war. Collin Littlesea was a young man, the same age as my only son, Jacob. They were playmates. They were friends. They were brothers in arms. Now one lies dead by choices I have made. It could have been my son. Your sons could have joined him in death, Cullen. I can no longer live with the burden of those deaths on my soul. I yearn for true peace. This is my plea for an end to this feud. I would meet with you and your advisors and broker a way for us all to live with one another. My people are fine craftsmen, they produce products that are known far and wide for their beauty and worth. I have long heard that your people are innovative farmers and planners. Mayhap we can come to terms that allow us all to be mutually beneficial to one another. I beg you to consider this offer and to set terms for a parlay. William Black, Laird of Clan Black"Carlisle Cullen rerolled the scroll ad placed it on the table. He looked at the faces of his trusted men. Emmett wore a look of contempt. He was a hot blooded fighter, to him peace was a foreign concept. Edward looked thoughtful. He was not a warrior by nature, and his young bride was with child. His face showed hope. Jasper, Carlisle's most shrewd tactician, was the first to speak."It sounds as if the rumours are true. Do you believe him?""What rumours?" Emmett broke in."It is said that Laird Black landed beneath his horse. They say he canna walk," Jasper explained."Then the clan is vulnerable. We should attack now, before they can regroup," Emmett suggested, always ready for a fight."You would attack when the man offers peace?" Laird Cullen asked. Emmett made a move to state the obvious, but Carlisle held up a hand to forestall him. "Your thoughts Jasper, please."Jasper took a moment and then offered his opinion. "There have been heavy casualties on both sides, and little gained in terms of land or lucre. We are both strong families, both in size and mind. A peace where both sides could be allies would be a wise tactic. Together we would be stronger than any enemy could stand against. I think it must be considered very carefully.""I agree," Edward said. "The trick will be to bring along all those within your care. Every member of kith and kin must be made to know the accord and honor it, or it will break as it has always broken in the past.""I doona trust them," Emmett stated plainly."You doona have to. If this peace is brokered you will simply have to abide by it." Carlisle said. "I will write a response, and Jasper and Edward, you will bring it to Laird Black for me. We will host their peace party, and God willing, this darkness can come to an end."Carlisle was contemplating how to forge this peace when a small scratching came at his door. He smiled to himself. He should have known she would have her say in this. "Enter Alice."The door opened and in came a diminutive pixie of a creature. She had a fae look about her and she was spritely and ethereal. Her face was alight with a knowing smile. She danced across the floor and perched herself on the window sill, swinging her legs as she eyed her laird.Carlisle grinned and shook his head. "When will I learn that you are to be an integral part of all my strategies?"Alice giggled. "I doona know that, Laird."Carlisle took a seat and gave her his entire attention. When Alice came to him she always had insights beyond anyone's. Some would brand her a witch, but in truth she was a seer. He had seen her visions come to fruition too many times to ignore her. So he waited for her to form her thoughts into words."You and William Black are planning a peace summit, no?" she asked as though it were common knowledge. Even though Alice was wed to Jasper, Carlisle knew that Jasper would never betray him by speaking of clan business with womenfolk."We are. It appears that your vision was correct, he has been made lame."Alice nodded, she did not need confirmation, she had long ago learned to trust her visions. "There is but one way to peace, Laird. It will bring you no pleasure, at first, and will likely be scandalous among the clan, but I tell you it must be done."Carlisle swallowed. He knew there would be dissent among his clan no matter the plan for peace, but to hear Alice predict it meant he needed to prepare himself. "It is not often that I believe there is only one way to go about things. Convince me, Alice.""If you make any other choice I see the peace breaking. I see bloodshed on both sides, and years of war that costs both clans their finest sons. I have seen it." Alice said with great emphasis. "You must bond the clans into one. A marriage. William Black's son to your daughter."Carlisle leapt to his feet so fast he knocked over the scrolls that had rested on his table. He let them lie. "Are you mad?! I have seen Jacob Black cut down men like kindling. The man is a massive wild wolf who devours those around him. You wish me to offer up Renesmee on his altar? How dare you?!""I dare because I have seen what happens if you do not. You bury Edward. Emmett follows. Then Jasper. Hundreds more also fall. The land withers and dries. The keep crumbles. Finally, after all that, Esme dies of a broken heart. You survive them all, to watch the devastation of your people and everything you hold dear."Carlisle imagined what she said and sank into his chair once more. The worst part was, he believed her. "So I must sacrifice Ness to save the others?"Alice hopped down and walked over to her laird. She laid her hand upon his shoulder and whispered, "It will not be an easy alliance. There will be dangers, and battles." Alice closed her eyes, seeing what was to come. "But they are meant for each other, even if they doona know it. There is no other for Renesmee, and no other for Jacob Black. If they canna make a go of a marriage to each other" she paused and her brow furrowed, "then neither will ever find happiness."Carlisle breathed a sigh knowing that he would have to proceed as Alice suggested. He was going to face opposition. His clan would be riotous. Renesmee would be horrified. His first hurdle, though, would be his most treacherous. He turned to Alice, the unspoken question in his eyes."Be clear," Alice said walking to the door. She walked though it turning back to him as she paused. "I will send you your lady, Laird, and I will pray for you."
