Disclaimer: The Twilight Saga & all associated characters are the copyrighted creation & property of Stephenie Meyer. Any other publicly recognized characters, brands, quotes or "catch phrases" are the sole trademarked &/or copyrighted property of their respective creators. No copyright or trademark infringement is purposely intended with this story. The plot & any original characters of this story are the property of Storywriterlove99. This work may not be reposted, reproduced, or translated into another language without the author's permission.This disclaimer will only appear once throughout this fic.Chapter 1I sat on my bed, silent tears running down my face. It had been so long since they left. Since I had become a shell of myself, and had a gaping hole ripped into my chest. I felt like my heart was gone and all the life poured out of me from a wound that did not seem to want to close.I knew Charlie was worried, but I could not find it in myself to get better. I was not sure I wanted to. I loved them all and forgetting them would be like forgetting me. So, I just laid in my bed and wallowed.Little did I know, I was not going to be allowed to do that today. Around five in the afternoon my door bursts open and a beautiful Quileute girl walked in. Her skin was a shiny bronze. She was tall, maybe five six, with dark brown hair and matching eyes. Her face was roundish, with high cheek bones and full lips. She was thin, with curves women would die for and long legs that seemed to go on for miles. The only thing about her that was not so pretty was the scowl she had on her face. It took me a full minute to remember who this was. She and I along with the Black twins would play all the time when I came here over the summer. This was Leah Clearwater.She came right up to my bed and pulled my blanket off of me and tossed it across the room. Without a word she left the room. I heard her pounding down the stairs. I laid in bed, not caring what she was doing, though I was a little curious as to what she was doing here. I jumped up when something cold splashed all over my body. I sat up and looked down at myself, I was soaked. Looking up at Leah I saw she held a giant bucket that was dripping water.She threw the bucket down as I started shivering and got into my face."Enough is enough Bella. You need to stop this dumb shit and get it the fuck together. Charlie is worried sick and you are turning into some kind of fucking zombie. He is just a guy. Someone you can get over. He left you Bella. Now you need to step up and show that you are strong enough to get over him. He left. He is not worth your tears or your life."I hated that her words made sense. I hated that she was popping my bubble and making me see the reality. I did not want to see the reality because then I would really know that he does not love me. That none of them ever did. That I was hurting my father and myself. I knew that if I faced that at some point I would move on and learn to love someone else. But, that is not what I wanted. But it was too late for that. It all came crashing down. They were all gone and were never coming back.I felt the tears starting to slide down my face. Sobs shook my body as I cried for the family I loved. For the boy I loved. For the future I saw for us. Then I realized I was mourning them and slowly letting go of the life I dreamed of with them and I cried harder.Leah does not come and offer me comfort. She did not hold me while I cried or whisper how it was all going to be ok. I found that I liked it better. I did not want to hear those words, because I would always have some hurt for what they did to me.I'm not sure how long I sat there crying. At some point the tears stopped and I just sat on my bed. The hole in my chest was gone, but there was still a deep pain. It was like I needed to cry those tears for the hole to heal. Now my heart needed to heal. I looked at Leah. She was just staring at me with this look in her eyes. Like she saw something good in this, in my pain."Go, take a shower." Was all she said as she left the room.I slowly got up and found some clothes. I grabbed my bag and went into the bathroom. I did not bother looking into the mirror. I simply stripped off my clothes and cleaned up. After my shower I walked downstairs. Leah had just finished her dinner and there was a steaming plate of something waiting for me. I began to wonder where Charlie was, but did not ask.I sat down and started to push my food around, but Leah was having none of that. She grabbed the fork from my hand and roughly grabbed my cheeks, forcing me to open my mouth. She shoved the food inside and clamped her hand over it."Chew and swallow." She demanded.I did as I was told and that is how I ate my dinner. Being force fed. After my plate was cleared Leah cleaned up and lead me to the living room. She turned on the tv to some soap opera and sat back.I stared at the tv. Not really caring what was on and waited for Leah to tell me I could go to my room. Two hours later she stood up and lead me to my room, where I picked up my blanket and crawled into bed. Leah shut off the light and I started at the ceiling wondering what tomorrow held for me.The next week pasted the same way. Leah would wake me up, but without splashing water on me. Tell me to get dressed or take a shower. She would force fed me breakfast, lunch and dinner. When we were not eating we would just watch her soap opera's and then I could go to bed. Charlie was no where to be found and I just could not ask Leah. Every day I thought about them. Sometimes I silently cry. If Leah noticed she never said anything, just watched tv. Though it was painful, it was staring to get better which frightened me. I was not sure if I was ready to let go of them. I was staring to. I looked at Leah that was wrapped up in the soap. I wondered why she was here. I knew she was even sleeping over here. She did not seem like the type to care about some heart-broken girl, so what was she doing here?"Where is my father?"She did not jump or look at me wide eyed, simply shrugged and replied."He is working on a case in Seattle. They needed him there."I nodded and watched the soap with her for the first time. I was not thinking about the Cullens or what my life would have been like with them. I was just watching a crazy soap opera.AN- Hi, please tell me what you think, this is my second fanfic, but my first with Bella and the pack. Please review
