EPOVI was pacing the floor of my bedroom; I was waiting for my ball to start. I had to find my imprint tonight or else I had to marry Lady Tanya and I will do everything I can for that not to happen.I'm Prince Edward first son of Carlisle Cullen, which means I had to take the thrown in a month and I need a woman by my side. Our family was the royal family in the North America. Over 300 years ago there was a great war against the vampires and humans. After that the humans was divide into 3 groups the high class, middle class, and the low class.Carlisle has ruled for the last 300 years so it was time for him to step down. Tonight was my only chance for me to find my imprint. Why having an imprint is so important, besides being my other half of my soul. Is she could bare children. The children would be human till 16- 18 then they would slowly change to vampire, but you could only imprint on humans and once the claiming took place then they would no longer age.If I didn't find her then I would have to marry a vampire and then change someone to be like a son to me to be the next heir.That's what Carlisle had to do I'm grateful he did it but I would much rather have my own children.Once a year we throw a ball but tonight I'm the main focus all single male vampires will be there to see if they could find their imprint. All the girls between the ages of 16-18 it didn't matter on the class they had to come to the castle and wear white dresses.If my imprint come from the low or middle class then her family would move into the castle also.A knock on the door pulled me out of my thoughts"Come in" I said not looking away from the window I was looking out of."Edward honey, don't worry so much I have a good feeling that tonight will be your night" my mom said rubbing my back."Mom I just don't want to marry Lady Tanya. She just wants to be in the royal family.""Well then get ready so we can try to find your soul mate" she smiled at me.I nodded.An hour later I meet my brothers they were also looking for their imprints but the main focus was on me, everyone will be watching.Before I know it we were being announced I walked in first with my brothers following me.After we made our ways to our seats the music started and everyone started mingling. My brothers got up to walk around. I just sat there looking around. Just then Lady Tanya came to stand in front of me standing in my view."Oh Eddie just wait soon we will be married.""That's not been decided yet and you're not supposed to be here."All vampire ladies were supposed to be upstairs. I motion for the guards to show her out. They took her by the arm and showed her out while she was still shouting and yelling at me. I just shook my head and went back to looking around.Just then something in the corner caught my eye. It was a girl she was about 5'3 with long brown hair. Her white dress wasn't the nicest one but that didn't matter to me. I couldn't see her eyes because she was looking down.Standing up I made my way to her."Hello I'm Edward."She looks up and then looks around to make sure I was talking to her."Hello I'm Bella Swan.""Would you like to dance" I said holding out my hand to her. She took my hand and there was an electric shock run through our hands.I smiled I had found my imprint we went to the dance floor.After a few dances she finally started to relax. I decided we need to go some place to talk."Want to go to the balcony to talk." She nodded her head. So I showed her out to the balcony.The balcony was a big one with separate areas. I notice my brothers talking to two girls in the other two areas.Bella and I sat down on the couch."So Bella tell me about yourself.""My name is Bella Swan; I'm in the low class. My parents are still married and I have a little brother name Seth, I'm 17 years old. I don't attend school anymore because I had to help my parents out." She gave me a small smile, looking down at her hands."Bella look at me" I said taking her hand "do you know what happen between us earlier?"Kinda" she said after looking up at me."We imprinted do you know what that means?""That means I'm your true mate" she said in a quiet voice."Yes I'm prince of this area so you and your family would be moving in here."Bella was shaking her head before I was finish. "No I'm not good enough to be here.""Of course you are, come on let's go meet my parents. So they can send for your family."We got up and went to find my parents. We found them in a room off of the ballroom."Mother, father I would like you to meet my imprint Bella Swan.""How do you do your Majesty" Bella said giving a curtsey."None of that Bella; please call me Esme" my mom said as she brought Bella into a hug."She is from the lower class so we will need to send for her parents."My dad motion for me to follow him, he moved us to the other corner."Are you sure about this Lady Tanya would be better for you?"I shook my head I could tell that dad didn't know how this feels. Mom and dad were not imprints; they had been paired together like they were trying to do with Tanya and me."Dad either I married her or I don't take the thrown. I don't think you want Emmett taking the thrown."Emmett was the 2nd one that Carlisle turn so if I didn't take the thrown he would be next, and he acted like a kid.Dad huffed and walked away my mom walked up behind me."Don't worry dear I will talk to him."I look over at Bella and she was looking through one of the books that we had on the table."Mom is it wrong for me to want to be happy and have my own children.""No honey your dad is just worrying there's a lot of task that the queen has to do too.""Mom she will do just fine if we are there for her and show her what to do.""I know honey I'm so glad you found her. I will have the guards come here and you can take them to get her family."disclaimer: i don't own anything i just write for the fun of it. i know my grammer is not the greatest but i try.
