Disclaimer - None of the characters belong to me. The Twilight saga belongs to Stephanie Meyer and her affiliates and I make no profit from these stories. This applies to all of the chapters.Author's note:It seemed really odd to me that Carlisle would buy Esme an island. Yes, he is generous but the purchase of an island seems so out of character. Thus I decided to give him a legitimate reason to do so in this chapter story. I took a little artistic license when writing, only with small details. In BD it says he bought her it as a gift  no mention of honeymoon, as there is in some sources  so I'm going to accept that as canon and run with it.Finally I'd like to say that I do love reviews. Reviews are good for writers and I am grateful for them. I am also relatively new to this, so they help.1952He sighed a little, pulling the windows closed as the dazzling sun danced across Cincinnati. The house was reclusive enough that it meant there was no chance of being seen by an outsider however it did mean that he had phoned the hospital and excused himself from his shift under the pretence of debilitating flu; there was no escaping the rare sun. He was spared a large serving of guilt though because he had no surgeries scheduled for the day ahead, and instead had planned to be cooped up in his office catching up on the abundance of paper work which seemed to haunt him and preparing his lectures for the coming week. With a resigned sigh he realised he could do that here and, with this in mind, turned round to make his way to his study. At least he could rope Edward into helping him with the lectures in particular - considering he could not attend school today either - and maybe Rose would grace them with her presence to criticise their work. He laughed lightly, thinking of his daughter's harsh criticism of anything and everything that they came up with for his lectures on anatomy; she simply enjoyed riling them and while she achieved this with Edward, Carlisle simply indulged her and wrote what he wanted to anyway.The sweet, melodious humming of his wife caught him off guard though as he trod the familiar path to his study and he directly changed his course, following her voice instead. She was humming what would be considered an old tune now, but to him it felt as fresh and familiar as it had in 1922. They had danced to it once, in the beautiful ballroom of the ship on the transatlantic crossing to their honeymoon. He remembered the wonder that graced her delightful face as she had stepped onto the dreary docks at Southampton. If he had given in to her, they would have remained in London the entire time and never moved on to Paris or Venice as intended. She had loved the miserable weather, meaning they could go out all day and not be afraid of the sun exposing them as the creatures they were. But even more than the rain, his wife loved the sun on those rare times where she could enjoy it unimpeded.She was standing at the large oak table in the kitchen, her back facing him, the kitchen doors thrown open as the sunlight danced in to their home. She was swaying to the tune she was humming, her foot tapping lightly against the tiled floor. She looked, he allowed himself to think, like one of those magazine's covers that the girls bought in abundance. Tiny little waste, a fully skirt that seemed more problematic than it was worth when he watched her don thick tulle underskirts each morning, pretty heels which accentuated her legs. She looked lovely. His wife always looked lovely but at times, he would have said she was desirable rather than simply lovely. This moment was one such occasion.Before her, on the table, there were piles of damp clothing. Having three boys who were utterly careless and two girls who were utterly frivolous meant piles and piles of never-ending laundry. He walked up behind her and, reaching around her waist, reached for the first thing he laid his hands on; one of his work shirts. While Alice despised their wearing the same clothing more than once, he absolutely refused to allow such utter wastefulness in his home. This was one of his favourite shirts and Alice simply hated it."Ohh!"She let out a little squeal and turning round, smiled her dazzling smile. He kissed her forehead quickly, then with simple relish, joined her in her task."Absorbed in your task my dear?"She made a hum of affirmation at the back of her throat and then continued.He began folding the damp washing, moving to stand beside her. Despite his age tallying up into the hundreds, Carlisle was far from chauvinistic in his approach to domestic work within their home. She was as equal to him in his mind, and if she did not appear to be the coven leader, it was simply because she did not want to be. His decisions were always made on the advice of his wife and they were always the right ones to make because of this. She kept their home beautifully, but if she had demanded he order her servants, or indeed she demanded he do every chore himself, he would have complied with her wishes simply to make her happy.Esme smiled at him sweetly as she watched his hands folding one shirt after another, at a human pace. He felt pleased with her scrutiny and evident amusement."You are always so good at folding laundry," she sighed jokingly, "Almost half as much as your sons are good at making laundry."He lifted up one of Edward's blue shirts, "Yes, they are rather productive in that respect. Perhaps we should veto their tree climbing to save on torn trousers.""And curb their energy," she said caustically, "How could we be so cruel?""Very easily," he held out a ripped pair of slacks, then threw them with ease into the bin, "Thank goodness Alice has a handle on the stock markets; they would exhaust our coffers within months with the number of trousers they ruin. I fear even my accumulated wealth could not support them for more than a decade at this rate."She laughed lightly, returning the basket to its space beside the sink and dragging her hands down the pristine white apron that she wore over her dress.He scooped the newly folded pile into his arm, nodding towards the little airing cupboard which she kept unseasonably warm in order to dry their clothing, "Would you like it hung in there my love?""No!" She exclaimed, "Carlisle look outside. It's a glorious, need I say unusual, day in Cincinnati. You cannot possibly underestimate the delight of clothes dried in the sun and wind. We shall go outside."He laughed at her passion, perplexed by the utter excitement that such a simple pleasure could create in his wife."Come on," she scooped the other pile into her arms, which was almost the same colour as her delightfully pale skin, "Let's make the most of it."Their garden was vast, and the outlying forest and countryside was even more expansive. The first half acre of garden was beautifully tended to by Esme but as the rest of it expanded it became less tame and more natural, leading them into the darkness of the woods."Oh Carlisle," she suddenly stopped half way down the path, "We have no washing line!"He turned to look at her and trying as vainly as possible not to be dazzled by the sinister glittering of her skin, smiled pityingly. The childish disappointment on her face almost rendered him pained, and he felt immediately that the only way to solve it was improvised chivalry."A moment, my darling, then I will ensure you have what you need," he placed the washing in her arms and dashed towards the outhouse in which they kept their cars.Rosalie had recently developed an interest in auto mobiles, after Emmett had purchased a very ostentatious, not to mention expensive, scarlet Chevy. Edward and Emmett were ensconced under the hood, staring at the internal workings of the car as Rosalie rooted about in a nearby toolbox. The garage was cool and dark and he was puzzled as to why they would be inside on a day like this. Unlike their father, they liked to be out in the sun because they were not irrationally frightened of being seen. Alice and Jasper had already made their excuses to the forest, most likely heading for the most isolated  and sun-soaked- spot they could find within a decent distance of the house."Look at that engine," Emmett whistled lowly, "Every time I  oh, hey Carlisle.""Good morning," he began rooting around distractedly in the drawer to his left, "How are we?""Well," Edward's distracted answer made him suddenly aware of the scrutiny he was under form his three children. He looked up and smiled at them, still feeling around in the untidy drawer."Carlisle," Rosalie moved towards him, "What are you doing? You never come in here.""Oh," he pulled out a rather musty ball of twine, "Looking for, and successfully finding, this!""Right, ok," Rose simply shrugged, dipping her head over the engine, "There must be a way to make it even faster Emmett."He was pleased with his find, delighted that he could give her even the silliest of requests."Carlisle," Edward questioned, a laugh lacing his voice, "You're making a washing line?""Yes," he answered, holding out the twine, "Esme wants to hang the abundance of washing outside."Edward pulled a face, "How the sun meddles with even the most serious of minds.""You old romantic," Emmett cuffed him on the shoulder, "I think it is very decent Carlisle.""Thank you Emmett," he laughed as he dashed out, "Bare in mind it is for your clothes!"He found her exactly as he had left her only a minute before, her hands outstretched under the bundle of washing. He went to a far away oak and began wrapping the twine at speed around the trunk, then when he was satisfied with his initial work, moved over to the little hooks on which her hanging baskets hung on either side of the kitchen doors, and tied it there too. It stretched across the entire garden; giving her a lengthy washing line. She smiled brightly at him, then offered him his original pile."I have a vague recollection," she said softly as they began unfurling the bright clothes over the line, "Of running through swathes of washing on the farm, in my human life. It was near the orchard."He smiled gently at her, "Your recollections are vivid. I know that nothing in London was as..." he held up a bright white sleeve, "Clean."She giggled, "Mmmm, it is next to Godliness apparently. That is why I always keep your clothes so sparkling; reflecting your true personality."He tried to hide his embarrassment at such a truly blasphemous, but genuine, compliment. At times he could not feel further from God if he tried but Esme often made him feel a little more legitimate in his belief that there was something else after this.He tried for another tact, mimicking Edward,"Sun has the most bizarre effect on some people."Having already finished her task, and stepping back to admire the now full line, watched as he threw his last garment over the twine, "I do miss the sun so very much Carlisle.""I know darling," he smiled, rubbing his now damp hands on his trousers, "Let us enjoy it today then.""Really?"Carlisle was, by his nature, a conservative man. In comparison to the rest of his dear family, perhaps with the exception of Jasper, he remained amusingly archaic. Even at that, Alice's very liberal modernity had worked to soften Jasper's antiquity quite a bit, brining him into each decade with an ease that Carlisle personally believed he himself could never achieve. He would always be older and more serious; not only because of his assumed role but because of his vintage and his naturally grave character. However he would never have believed that the human Carlisle, or even the vampire of 100 years ago, would have given into the urge to begin chasing his wife through the laundry as he did now. He chased after her as she dashed, weaving in and out of the shirts and pants on the line, her laughter echoing over the ancient trees as her curls bounced on the alabaster skin of her back. Her delight was unparalleled as he finally reached her - she was slower than him and the most delicate runner in the family - pulling her to him and then tumbling on to the soft ground. Against the grass her skin was sparkling pearl, beautiful in its exoticism. She cried a little as he pulled her to lie on him, their chests pressed at an odd angle."You do not tackle a woman to the ground," she admonished playfully, "It is improper. You of all immortals should know this Carlisle."He laughed at her teasing, "Even if the woman is my wife?""Even more so," she laughed, curling against him in the loveliest of embraces. She released a contented sigh, turning her head to look once again at the drying laundry as it fluttered in the breeze."I miss something else too, you know."Carlisle was not exaggerating when he reflected on the fact that he literally loved everything his wife had to say. Despite this though, he hated when her rhapsodies began with the statement of inherent loss - those things which her immortality had deprived her of. She rarely indulged in conversation about what she missed from her human life but when she did he felt terribly, deeply guilty. He had never told her this. Not because he was duplicitous but because to tell her would have been incredibly selfish of him. If he told her she would, inevitably, stop sharing her thoughts with him. That would hurt even more than to hear her say what she missed. To her, he knew, these conversations were inconsequential but to him they were stored in a part of his memory reserved only for the things his darling wife missed. He had started banking these losses not long after he had sunk his teeth into the soft skin of her neck. It was his atonement. After all, he had conjectured, he was fully to blame for the fact she had to miss them at all.In 1921 she had wept, so painfully, over her miss of the little baby boy. In the same year she had screamed at him that she missed death. He had been prostrate with horror. In 1924 she told him she missed dreaming, as she lay pressed to him in the bed they shared. In 1930 she had missed Edward so badly that she receded into herself. In 1935 she guiltily confessed how her locket, a gift from him, had accidentally snapped on a hunt and how much she missed it. In 1945 she had told him how she missed sleeping.Even he believed he missed things from his human life, though he could not really remember any of it. His love for the smell of waxy, acrid church candles and his desire for knowledge had definitively come from his human existence. He felt deeply that he missed the kiss of the sun, or the taste of wine. Esme's recollections, while vague, were still legitimate misses and he had stolen them from her. He had no right to ask her not to share them with him and no right to tell her how awful it felt to be reminded of the fact that he had deprived her of those simple things. The only way he saw fit to atone for this theft was to find a way to give her whatever she missed back.The baby boy he could not give back to her, but their family which had grown around them offered her an outlet for motherly affection. He could take no credit for this, though he would be ignoring a glaring truth if he did not acknowledge to himself that a part of him, in transforming Rosalie, was trying to give her what she yearned for. It was not the same; his child would never grow in her belly, but it lessened the miss, he knew. Then she had, in a fit of fury that same year, told him how she had wanted death. He had offered, gallantly and with the selflessness of the damned, to end it for her. His offer had sent her spiralling out of control and then suddenly she had regained herself, as if shedding the cloak of a newborn and becoming a full vampire. He cringed to think of it even now. With Esme he had been a terrible creator and an even worse teacher; he had already been inextricably in love with her. Her whisper of longing, regarding her dreams, had driven him to study and research and devise a sort of lucid dreaming (suddenly in vogue with the psychoanalysts of the present) which he practised religiously with her until they could lie side by side and experience a dream state. He had passed this on to the children. Edward's absence, so out of Carlisle's control that it had rendered him frustrated with how ineffectual he was, had been much harder to give back to her. He had simply tried to be as attentive, as loving, as there as possible. He would never truly say he had given her back what she had missed then but he had tried with all his might to be a worthy substitute. He had been more successful with her locket - a honeymoon gift originally - and had it replaced to be doubly more opulent, this time hewn in platinum, though absolutely identical in terms of design, to the original. She never removed the chain from around her neck. Sleep he could not give her, no matter what he did, but as they lay dreaming he could be with her. He did all that he could to relax any mental fatigue she might experience (he knew all too well their kind did experience this) and he would light candles and turn down comforters and lay silent and quiet for as long as possible, holding her, to create the calm that sleep brought for mortals.So, in essence, he had experienced limited success when it came to giving her what she missed. In fact, absolutely minimal success would have been a justifiable description of his attempts. He sighed a little, pushing an errant caramel curl back from her face."What my darling?""The beach," she answered wistfully, "Walking in the sun, sand under my toes, waves lapping at my ankles. The waves fighting me as I dove into them. Not that I went to the beach often, or that I was a particularly excellent swimmer. Still..."He felt overcome with sadness, but smiled nonetheless."I can vaguely remember going to Lake Erie, with my parents, just before I married Charles. I think I remember a sense of foreboding, like it was the only time I would be free to walk on the beach again. It's strange how that came true.""You paint a glorious picture," he whispered, "I could build you a swimming pool, right where we are lying, if it pleases you?"She laughed a little, "No! What a crazy idea. This has been the only sunny day this year. Not that I don't appreciate it my darling, because I do, but it's not the same. Don't you miss it?""I cannot say I do," he answered honestly, "No one went to the beach in 1640. The only beach remotely near London was Brighton or Dover, neither of which were particularly picturesque. I honestly do not think swimming had been invented!"She laughed at his silliness, then rolled to lie flat on her back. She stretched her hand out and flexed her fingers towards his. She tipped her head to look at him curiously."Carlisle, have you never walked along a beach in the sun?""No, never."He felt suddenly as if he was missing out on something too. He had strolled along the beaches of Italy in beautiful moonlight, and taken wanders around Cape Cod in stormier weather, but he had never experienced the calm serenity and heat of a summer beach quite as she so eloquently described it. It had simply never been possible. He had read many descriptions, and saw many paintings, but he had never experienced it. He had never wanted to. Esme made him want to do things he had never wanted to do before; it was oddly disconcerting."You don't know what you are missing," she said sweetly, tilting her face up to the sun then towards the washing line, "Thank you for my beautiful washing line!"He laughed at her natural ability to bring conversation back round to inanity, a skill he had serious trouble with, and made to stand up. Though she did not need it, gentlemanly as always, he offered his hand, which she took with that shy smile that was so entirely unique to her."I solemnly swear to you that I will take you to the beach, so you might feel all of that again," he said seriously, wrapping his hand around hers.She laughed, "What if someone sees us sparkle?""Esme," it was rolling around in his mouth before he could stop himself voicing the ridiculously sentimental words, "No one need see you in the sun to see how truly sparkling you are."Never one to laugh at the gravity of his sentiment, she instead clutched his hand. Her voice was insistent;"I need only you to be happy. No beach, no anything. You Carlisle."On the odd occasion that her fierceness truly showed, his wife was transformed. Her golden eyes blazed, her ruby mouth delivered fury, her hands became claws. She was so fiercely loving that he found it difficult to comprehend. He may have been a loving though astute, and somewhat rigid, moral compass but nothing would ever compare to the breath taking love that Esme was capable of. She conveyed it in everything she did, and in saying this to him, he realised that he had underestimated how aware she was of what he was trying to do. It made him feel strangely humiliated."Forgive yourself Carlise," she said softly, "God knows I have. So must you. I don't need you to atone."The irreverent blasphemy was beautiful from her mouth. He felt his embarrassment grow, then under her loving scrutiny, dissipate as suddenly as it came. He smiled sheepishly at her."I am so obvious?"She shrugged a little, an entirely human gesture intended to convey her forgiveness, "Utterly. It's very attractive.""You are blind woman," he said softly, the tone teasing and very private. He would never have dared use such a tone towards her in ear-shot of any of the others."Perhaps," she led him inside, "And blissful, doctor. I have loved you since I was sixteen.""Perhaps not blind; I suggest you are insane."She placed a hand on his chest, her tone sobering him, "Perhaps the good doctor would stop fretting and analysing and be quiet and kiss me. The chase you set up was far too promising to end on such a low note. Don't ruin a lovely afternoon with your typical seriousness."He merely laughed and, as was his wont, indulged her request.Please review.Thank you.
