Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight.Special thanks to Dolly for cleaning up my messes and for urging me to develop this little story. Thirteen DaisiesBy: Redkat97PrologueMy feet sank into the drenched grass and mud, until I'd finally located the path I was in search of. The sounds of birds chirping and crickets were the soundtrack to my simple mission-find my Cousin Marcus for my Aunt Lizzie and tell him "it was time to settle in for the evening." I'd been down this path numerous times before, spending many summer days and nights in the treehouse just at the end of it. It had been Tyler's treehouse first. Then, it had been passed down to Marcus once Tyler became a teenager and started liking girls, drinking beer and smoking cigarettes, even though Aunt Lizzie and Uncle Tony didn't know. I wouldn't tell.I couldn't wait for the day Marcus was no longer interested in the treehouse. Then, it would be mine all mine, and I could have daddy paint it pink and keep all my "Tiger Beat" magazines in it, and I could daydream about Ashton Kutcher. It would be so awesome.Visions of the adorable TV icon flooded my mind, and I nearly missed the first clue that I was nearing the treehouse-the thirteen daisies. Aunt Lizzie never planted them, but she'd pointed them out to me one time. They'd just always grown there. Beautiful and bright white, they were a stark contrast to the dark and rich greens of the trees and growth in the surrounding area.I'd counted them one time.  Thirteen. I found that interesting, so I decided to count them every time, and sure enough, there'd been thirteen every time. I wished I could pick one, but then there would only be twelve, and I didn't like twelve as much as thirteen. Twelve meant I was still just a little girl. Twelve meant I still attended Forks Elementary School. Twelve meant I was not old enough to hang out with Marcus and the rest of his thirteen-year-old friends, and by the time I turned twelve, I still wouldn't be allowed, because then they'd all be fourteen. I'd just never be old enough. Not ever.The treehouse appeared in my direct line of vision, just a few short steps from the thirteen daisies, and I called to Marcus before I got too close."Marcus!"An angry face peeked out the open window at me. It was Marcus alright, and he looked like he might want to kill me. I didn't care. I was just the messenger."What?" he snapped angrily at me, cigarette in between two fingers, as he rested his armpits on the bottom of the wood cutout window."Your mom said for me to come get you," I put my hands on my hips and gave my best pouty face. Just then, two other boys I'd never seen before began climbing out of the treehouse and down the ladder. They resembled one another, and I couldn't help but wonder if they were the Cullen brothers that Marcus had been talking about all summer.My hands remained on my hips, as they drew nearer to me, and Marcus disappeared from the window, only to reappear moments later, descending the tree."Who are you?" one of them asked, quite rudely if you asked me, but I couldn't find it in me to get mad, because he was very dreamy and might even pass for Ashton Kutcher."Isabella Swan," I told them. There. Process that, losers."You never told us you have a little sister, Swan," the shorter one said, as he looked back at Marcus."She's my cousin, moron."I remained steadfast with my hands on my hips, tapping my toe and giving my best "know-it-all" face.The taller boy continued to eye me cautiously, as Marcus finally reached the ground. "Isabella Swan," he snorted, as he attempted to contain his laughter.My face heated red and it embarrassed me, not in the way my dad dancing around the house in front of my friends did, but in a new, different way. He was making me blush, and I was not sure I'd ever felt this sort of embarrassment before."Esmeralda Toad," he said again with a question in his voice. I eyed him with perplexity. The boys laughed."Icky-jelly Pawn."More confusion. Laughter."In-a-Hella Tom"Marcus and the shorter boy were cracking up, and I still didn't understand why."It's just a funny name, ya know," the taller boy at last explained, "Isabella Swan.""Bella, these are my friends, Edward and Jasper Cullen," Marcus stepped in. "Guys, this is my little cousin, Bella. She's staying with us this week."I'd started laughing before Marcus even had a chance to finish his introduction. "Your names are Edward and Jasper, and you're making fun of me?"I turned and ran back down the path and past the thirteen daisies, before they had a chance to make fun of me one last time."Wait! Wait up!" Edward Cullen chased after me. I ran as fast as my jelly shoes would carry me, never looking back. I could hear his footsteps drawing closer and closer, as my attempts to speed up became futile."Isabella," Edward Cullen grabbed my hand and pulled me around to face him. He made me so nervous, and he made me so mad, and he made me sooh I didn't even know, but he made mesomething."What?" I snapped.He smirked at me, hiding something behind his back with just his left hand."I shouldn't have made fun of your name. You're right. Edward isn't a great name, either. 'Isabella' suits you, though," he poked me in the belly with his right pointer finger. My little tummy was sticking out of my tied-up sleeveless blouse enough for Edward Cullen to get a good view of my belly button."Here. My apologies," he shoved the hidden object from behind his back in my direction. Feeling a mix of emotions, I was not sure if I wanted to hit Edward Cullen or kiss him. He'd picked one of my thirteen daisies."So tell me this again, Bella. I picked one of your daisies?"Edward Cullen and I were lying in the grass together just off the path, near the Shasta daisies which now grew in bunches all over. He'd just turned sixteen, and I was still fourteen for another three months. I had such a crush on him, and no one knew it; well, my best friend, Alice, knew all about it, and I suspected that Marcus might have known, too. But Edward himself, he had no idea. I was still just Marcus's little cousin. I'd caught him looking sometimes, though. I was maturing now, and my body was becoming less like a tomboy and more feminine. I had curves in all the right spots, good ones, too. I could have had my pick of any boy my age, but I didn't want any of the boys my age.I'd had a crush on Edward Cullen since that day in June three years ago, when he had handed me that daisy. I'd told him the story a million times over the years, but he always liked to hear it.I rolled my eyes, sitting up Indian-style, so that I could look down at his beautiful face. Even though I'd told him this story before, it felt different this time. I feared this time that he might read my thoughts and the hidden meaning behind the tale of the daisies. My stomach was in knots, and I nervously pulled some blades of grass from the ground."So, there were always thirteen daisies in the bunch, and then you picked one, and I didn't know whether I wanted to hit you or" I stopped myself short, briefly glancing away from him."Or what? It must be really bad." He put his hands up to his eyes, using them as a shield from the sunshine, so he could get a better looks at me from his spot in the grass.I hesitated. I feared I might be overstepping a boundary that Edward Cullen and I had clearly defined over the years. I'd always just been Marcus's little cousin. I was just the little girl that Edward picked on and teased. I flirted with him relentlessly, and the older girls resented me. He defended me to them, and they hated me for it."Or kiss you," I eventually replied nonchalantly, throwing a few more blades of grass over my shoulder, waiting for the laughter to ensue. It didn't.When I finally worked up enough nerve to look back down at Edward, his eyes were closed, and he had a blank expression on his face, leaving me no indication of his inner musings."I don't remember that part of the story before. Do you still want to?" he responded at last. His eyes remained closed.My stomach turned inside out, and my palms began to sweat. Was he torturing me on purpose? I chewed on my bottom lip, too nervous to answer him."Bella?""Yes?"He sat straight up, his face just inches from mine. This was it. Finally, after three long years of waiting, Edward Cullen was going to kiss me. "Do you still want to hit me?"I shook my head no."Then, kiss me."A/N: So this story will be a combination of flashbacks to these time periods and a jump to the present time. Let me know what you think...Kisses from the Red Kat XOXOXO. See you next week! 
