Tags: Imprint/Jacob/Bella/Wolves/Fiction MA Bay Window ViewCHAPTER ONE'Heading home to find my own personal sun'Bella's POVIt had been eight years since I left my hometown of Fork's Washington. It hadalso been eight years since I last stepped foot in La Push. La Push was myhome away from home. It was where I had left most of my heart; I left it with my soul matemy own personal sun. I left to be with someone that felt Icouldn't bear to live or not live withoutEdward, what in the hell was Ithinking? A huge mistake is what it was; I figured this out latermuch later.Driving back to my dad's house in Forks, I could barely see through the tearsfilling my eyes and threatening to spill over at any moment.I turned onto Forks highway hoping with all of my heart that my dad and myJacob could forgive me and allow me to make things right again. I had no ideawhat they had been doing for the past eight years of their lives; we had beenliving separate lives, far away from one another. I knew that I couldn't do thisalone.I said a silent prayer"Please God, Don't let it be too late. Please, let me have the opportunity to make things right." I wondered, 'Had Jake gone to college? Was he still phasing? Has he found someone who loves him the way that I should have?' Icringed at the last question on my mind but I knew in my heart that I had toknow the answer. I began to think of Charlie, 'Is he still police chief? Did he have a woman in his life?' Just as I was pondering over my thoughts, I saw itour two story white Farm House with lap siding.I slowed my car down to a crawl and looked up at the big window leading to mybedroom, remembering the two men in my life that had entered through thatvery window so many times before. The vampire that would sneak in to watchme sleep and My Jacob, My Best friend and beautiful russet colored wolf whowould come, simply because he was being drawn there. He had always said thathe could hear my heartbeats calling out to him from miles away. I wondered ifhe could hear my heart beating now. I shook my head knowing that I was beingcompletely ridiculous. 'Have I caused him so much pain that nothing I say or do will be enough to heal him? Was our connection broken down a long time ago? Had time built a wall between us that could never be torn down?'  I hopelesslywondered.The house looked almost as it had before I left, except there were beautifulflowers planted all around the front of the house. 'Could it be that our home had a women's touch now or did Charlie spend his extra time now gardening? Charlie was never the kind of guy that would garden before.' I wondered. Ipulled into the driveway and noticed that there weren't any cars in the drive, andby the hour I could only guess that Charlie was out of town. 'This will work out well. It will give me time to see Jake before Charlie comes back.'  I knew that Ineeded to figure some things out. I knew there was a good chance that I wassetting myself up for more heart break and that there was a distinct possibilitythat I might need some time to deal with my feelings before I saw Charlie. Iknew that it would be hard, but I was ready to face the two most important menthat had ever been in my life. I was ready to try with everything in me to makethings right.In that moment I looked at our open shed and there it was, my truck. Iabsolutely loved that truck. In eight years time, I had owned six different sportscars. Edward insisted that we keep up appearances at all times. We werepretending to have the perfect marriage and the perfect life; that was a verysmall part of the deception that was going on. I wouldn't have traded my oldtruck for any one of those cars; they were merely symbols of the horrid life I wastrapped in. It was a hopeless existence.The memories of Jake started pouring through my mind. I got out of my car andwent over to my old trusty truck; I opened the door and realized that not onlydid it look just the way I had left it; someone had polished it inside and out.Someone had been taking care of my truck. 'Why? Was someone keeping it up in hopes that I would return, or was Charlie getting the truck ready to sell?' Ipondered over these thoughts as I got in my truck. Sitting behind the steeringwheel I felt a hot tear begin to make its way down my cheek, betraying me onceagain as my mind began to whirl around the memories of all that had happenedin my life before I left Forks.When I left Washington I had chosen Edward and eternity. He was beautiful,strong, powerful, and wise beyond years. I chose Edward Cullen over my bestfriend, my soul mate, my sunshine, my protective russet colored wolf. Jacobwas beautiful in a very masculine sort of way, he would make any girl fall to herknees, just to have him look her way. My Jacob had dark hair, russet coloredskin, an eight pack that was pure perfection, strong shoulders, perfect whiteteeth and a smile that would knock your socks right off your feet. He was thepicture of male perfection but what made him even more desirable was the factthat Jacob seemed to be oblivious to his perfection and his effect on the oppositesex. I finally realized that I was in love with Jake but by the time that I did, itwas too late and I was fooled into thinking that it wasn't enough. Edward wasback in my life again and I wanted nothing more than to be with him forever.I realized that making that decision meant leaving my dad, my mom and myJacob, never to see any of them again. I wanted Edward so desperately that itall seemed worth it to me somehow. I would like to say that Edward had meunder some kind of spell, but the guilt in my soul won't allow me to give myselfthat kind of out. No, I had to take responsibility for my actions. Everything thatI have had to endure since I left with Edward, I brought on myself. I am readyto take full responsibility for every bit of it.Edward had promised to love and protect me. That was one of the many liestold to me by Edward Cullen. I made an agreement with Edward when I waseighteen years old, which turned out to be the biggest mistake of my life. Eventoday, I cringe anytime I think about it. I agreed to marry Edward and move toAlaska with him. In return, he would change me and give me the life I longedfor. I wanted to be a beautiful Cullen and spend eternity with Edward.Regardless of how I felt about Edward, I loved my Jake and I couldn't stay awayfrom him. I spent a lot of my time in La Push with Jake. I knew that Jake lovedme more deeply than I loved him, but still I was drawn to him and I needed himdesperately. I needed him in a completely different way than I needed Edward.When I spent time with Jacob I felt complete. He was my other half, my soulmate. I felt at home with Jake. When I was with Edward it was more like I wasliving in a fairytale. If I could go back in time I would definitely choose feeling athome over the fairytale-any day of the week.When I was in Edward's presence I was confident in my decisions. WhenEdward was around I never once questioned the choice that I had made. On thedays that I spent time with Jake I second guessed my decisions a lot. I knewwith Jacob my life would be as easy as breathing. I knew that I wouldn't have tochange my life for him; he already fit into it perfectly. I could have children withJacob and grow old with him. However, at the end of the day I would sadlyhave to leave La push and head back to my house. I could always count onEdward waiting for me in my room. Looking back it was almost as if he wereguarding me. Soon after I returned each time it took only five minutes alonewith Edward before I'd be right back where I started; completely in love withEdward and completely confident that I was making the right choices for mylife. Each time that I left La Push, I could see the fear and dread in Jake's eyes.He must have known that he'd been making some headway with me. However,he also knew that as soon as I returned back to Edward, all that he hadaccomplished would be gone. Jake loved me though and every time I left, hegave me his signature smile and breathtakingly wonderful hug.I didn't appreciate it or even realize that Jacob always had eyes for me and mealone. I had been blind to it for so many years. Jake and I met when he was sixand I was seven and even then we completed each other; we finished eachothers sentences and felt each others pain as much as we felt our own. Jacobloved being with me and I loved being with him. Neither of us had ever had aboyfriend or girlfriend because we never wanted to be apart, we wereinseparable. When my parent's divorce put distance between us I thought that Iwould die, but as soon as I returned to live with my dad years later wepractically picked right up where we had left off, that was until Edward came intomy life. It must have been killing Jacob. I was so selfish. I know that if itwould have been the other way around and Jacob had found someone else, Iwould have gone crazy with jealousy. I don't think that I could have handled myJake being in another woman's arms. Still, I wanted to be with Jacob but Ineeded to be with Edward. I wanted it all.Pulling myself out of my thoughts, I got out of my truck and headed toward thehouse, stopping to get the few things that I grabbed before I made my quickdeparture. I basically had the dress I was wearing, five pairs of panties, mypurse and my cell phone. Esme made all of my travel arrangements andarranged the rental car that I would need to have. I basically followed her exactinstructions on what to do to make it back to Forks. I was in no state of mind tobe making my own travel plans. She promised to pack up my things and mailthem to me; they were scheduled to arrive the next morning. Carlisle promisedto have my car shipped to me and when I replied hastily, "No, I don't want tohave any reminders of Edward!" He looked hurt but I knew that he understoodcompletely. He simply said, "OK Bella. I will make sure that you have anothervehicle by the end of the week. It will be shipped to Charlie's." I remembergiving him a weak smile and then hugged them both. I did manage to thankthem and tell them that I loved them. I knew how deeply they were hurt by therecent realizations that had presented themselves. I had known about it all foryears, they were only just learning of the horrible, unforgivable things that weregoing on under their very own roof. They were in a state of shock, but theywere holding it together for me and I greatly appreciated it.I walked up the steps and onto the porch, smiling as I noticed the familiar creakunder my feet. I reached the front door and realized that in my haste to leave, Iforgot my key in my dresser drawer. I reached under the farthest rock thatJacob and I had found on La Push beach; there it wasthe spare key. I guessedthat Charlie either forgot that it was there or he didn't feel the need to changethe hide-a-key spot. Something told me that he left it there hoping for myreturn and knowing that I would have probably lost my key.I made my way upstairs. When I opened up my bedroom door, I found thateverything was exactly as I had left it. My walls were still green, my bed wasstill adorned with purple sheets and the fluffy blankets sent to me by Renee wereall folded and placed in my rocking chair. I noticed that all of the pictures that Ihad left behind of Edward and I had disappeared. I didn't know who hadremoved them, but I was very grateful that they had. I continued lookingaround the room and I noticed that there were numerous framed photos of Jakeand me. I noticed that my favorite photograph of us was located on mynightstand. In the photograph I was looking at the person with the camera,while Jake was looking at me. The look on his face was full of love andadoration for me. 'How could I have been so blind?' I thought. Looking at thephotograph I was amazed that I hadn't noticed how much he seemed to shine inmy presence. The picture had been taken after his transformation. It seemedthat when we were together he was able to relax from the stress that thechanges in his life had put on him. In those moments he seemed to have foundsolace in me, setting aside the thoughts of danger and responsibility that wereforced on him at such an early age in his life. If Edward would have allowed meto move in the direction that I was naturally headed toward, my life would havebeen entirely altered. Instead, he familiarized me with and seduced me into alife of eternity; a life that I found to be full of blood thirst and lies.I decided to lie down and try to get some much needed rest. I pulled my fluffyblankets sent to me be Renee over my head and fell into a dream world filledwith warmth, love and my Jacob. There was a beautiful little girl with long darkbrown hair and green eyes, and a handsome little boy with thick black curls,russet skin and chocolate brown eyes who were also stars in my dream; mebeing their mother and Jake being their father. I hoped desperately that I wouldnever wake up from that dream.Tags:
