A door slammed and it was near enough that the boys could hear it, despite being in the garage. Paul growled and as each wolf got the scent, they too responded. They left the building, Sam in the lead, as they took large, quick strides following the scent. She walked toward the pack confidently, clad in ripped jeans, old converse, and a flannel button down, hanging open over a tight, gray tank top. Her skin, though tanned, was not the russet associated with the wolves, but her scent alerted the wolves because of what it was, the scent of another shifter."Are you Sam?" she asked, her eyes smoldering despite the current threat."I am." Sam stepped even more forward and let his arms hang to his side."My name is Malina, I come from an Inuit tribe in Alaska. I won't hurt you, do not worry, I come in peace." She flashes a quick smile, her icy blue eyes glimmering with humor."So why are you here?" Sam asked."Yeah! And why are your eyes blue if you're an Inuit!" Embry yelled."Dude, shut up." Quil shoved his pack brother."I am here for many reasons, if we could just sit down, I could explain" Malina trails off, shifting her eyes away momentarily."Of course. Let's bring her to Emily's. Where is Leah?""Right here! What's up?" Leah Clearwater walks up behind the pack. Suddenly, both girls charge towards each other. Before the pack has a chance to intervene, Malina and Leah are embraced in a hug."Sister." Malina whispers. They pull back from one another."What are you doing here?! I though that you where staying with-" Malina cut her off."Complication." She uttered. "Issues that occurred due to the shift in position were not in favor of being resolved with me there." Malina says."Leah, you know her?!" Jacob asks. His eyes and mouth are both wide, displaying his bewilderment."Yes. Guys, this is Princess Malina Dyani Karvok, or as I call her, Maley." Leah smiles, lightly throwing her arm around the other girl."Princess?!" Quil stutters."Yes, I am Princess of the Shanosi(made up) tribe up in Alaska. I hope you do not mind me coming here, but my people have been at war for a long time now with a rival tribe. My parents sent me away in hopes that the tribe will not capture me, as I am the cause of the war." Maley looks back down, ashamed of what has come to her people."Why would they send you away?" Jared asks skeptically."I am their only True Defender they have left. The rest of the Royals have not inherited this ability, and therefore I am rare- and dangerous.""A True Defender is a shifter who is able to phase into at least 2 animals and like with the Bloodsuckers, some have extra abilities." Leah quickly clarifies. Malina nods."So what do you turn into? A fairy?" Quil jokes."I turn into a Polar Bear, and a Wolf, and I'm working on Owl but those wings are tough""Tell them about your gift." Leah prompts."Isn't it obvious?" Malina quirks her eyebrow. "I'm a seer.""A seer?" Paul asks. Maley looks at the pack, dumbfounded."She can see people's souls, past or present." Leah says quietly. Nobody speaks, until about 8 minutes later."So, why have you come to us?" Sam asks, taking his leadership position."I am in danger, and Leah told me if I ever needed anything to come to her. Of course, if I am too much, I can leave, I have other connections in New Mexico, Texas, Arizona, Nebraska, but this is the closest, and my first pick." Maley blushes. "I have payment to offer, if you chose to allow me here" Maley looks down and digs the toe of her beaten shoe into the hard ground. She turns around. "You know what? Never mind. I'll just go somewhere else. I am sorry for interrupting." The informal, worn state of her attire did not at all appear to fit her personality and accustomed lifestyle."Wait, at least show them the thing, before you leave. Even if you do still leave, just because it is so cool.""What thing?" Quil asks."Shut up dude, they were getting there!" Embry pushes him."Boys!" Leah glares and they shrink away from her gaze. She turns to Maley. "Ready?"The only reply from Malina is a curt nod before Leah picks up the largest rock she can find-and through."Watch out boys." Leah smirks."Wait, are you going to throw that at her?!" Jared's voice hitches. Leah shrugs and tosses the rock, hard, at Malina. Before any of the pack members can move, a orb of light appears in front of Malina. Her strange, icy eyes glow and when she speaks, it as if there are 5 of her, not 1."Do not harm, Leah is family, and trying to help. Do. Not. Harm." After a moment or two the orb fades and Malina's eyes went back to normal. As the pack stood staring, Billy Black's wheelchair appeared on the porch of his house."She is a connection, she is the hope." His eyes were wide and his mouth dropped open. "It would be an honor for you to stay here with us." Each pack member's eyes widen with shock. They could not disobey an Elder.LATER"So, where is she going to stay?" Kim asked as she ate. They were at their usual Sunday Night Dinner."Sam wants her here, Billy wants her at his place, Sue wants her at hers, Quil is going to want her at hisWe don't really know yet." Leah lets out a shaky breath."Well what about for tonight?""Where is she even?" Claire joins in."What is she like?" asks Nessie."Is she pretty?" Rachel asks."Emily told her to take a shower. Nessie brought over clothes for her from Alice. Apparently the Cullen's already know her from Denali, so Alice knows exactly her style." Leah rolls her eyes. "She is nice, and she was brought up like a regular childshe's actually gone through more than most. Her life is the opposite of shelteredand you'll have to see for yourself. She should be down soon." Seth walks into the kitchen for more food and walks by Leah on his way back to the table."Mom said she might be staying with us." He wiggles his eyebrows."Yeah. She'll get your room. You have to share with Mom." Leah jokes back. Seth growls before sticking his tongue out at his sister."So where is she staying tonight?" Kim prompted again. Leah bit her lip."We don't really know" the girls all played with their pasta as they let themselves become wrapped up in their minds. Maley's voice suddenly was heard as she spoke to somebody on the phone at the top of the stairs."Yes. I am safe. I will not say, just in case. Yes, they are still protecting me." Though they understood some of the words, none of them were English. Maley said goodbye and bounded down the stairs, wearing dark, tight fitting flare leg jeans and a tight, royal blue tee shirt with a plaid flannel opened over it. Her feet were clad in leather boots with fur on the inside that were clearly hand made and not store bought."My mother says thank you." Maley announces quietly. A slight gasp is heard from everyone's mouths as they look at her, understanding why her appearance is so out of the ordinary. Her skin, while tanned, held no resemblance to the reddish brown that appeared on the Quileute's skin. Her hair was dark, long and wavy like many of the natives here, but it housed one single white stripe, and her eyes were a deep icy blue that looked so odd when she should have brown eyes."She should not need to worry." Emily bent her head and frowned."Hey! Show them the thing!" Embry and Quil egged on. A subtle blush crept over Maley's cheeks as everyone looked over at her. Quil picked up a fork to throw at her and just as Emily was about to yell, Sam stopped her. Seth came back into the room from the bathroom right as Maley's eyes glowed and the spirits rose to protect her from the wrath of Quil's fork. The metal clattered to the ground as Maley's eyes stopped glowing. She looked straight into Seth's eyes and breathed out loudly. Everyone in the room understood.Not only had Seth just imprinted on Malina, but Malina had too imprinted on Seth, and a double imprint is the most powerful kind.
