Chapter 1Carlisle and Esme walked hand in hand down the beach in town. The day had threatened rain, though it never appeared and the day had ended in a faint sunset. The temperatures in the paper had read in the upper 60's for the day, and even in Forks that was low for early August. While it didn't affect either of them, the winds coming off the open ocean were a strong indication of how chilly the night had become."I'm glad Leah and Masen have decided to come with us this time," Esme said. She glanced out at the water and could see the foggy glow from a lighthouse."Me too.""Do you think this move will be permanent?"Carlisle sighed and gave a shrug as they continued to walk. "More permanent than last time, I suppose.""Edward mentioned you had several locations in New England in mind."He smiled and Esme felt as though his grin was slightly contagious. "What do you think about that?" Carlisle asked her."We've lived in Maine before, and we had been considering New Hampshire around the time Bella joined the family," Esme pointed out."I think it could be a good fit for us."She nodded, "Me too. It's beautiful, there are seasons; less rain...""But just enough inclement weather to get us by when we need to," Carlisle finished."The winters are a lot like here.""Yeah..."Esme sighed, fantasizing about two different types of locations. She always loved being out in the woods, and just slightly secluded. The scenery was beautiful and it allowed their family to have the privacy they needed without tip-toeing around everyone else.On the other hand, there was something about the beach that made her feel at ease and happy. She had contemplated speaking to Carlisle about looking for properties by the water that might be out of sight for the most part. While the last thing she wanted was to appear as some uppity, rich family that kept their distance, Esme also knew that their kind and the beach didn't really mix in a normal society - at least not when the sun was beaming down on them."I've considered Martha's Vineyard, "Carlisle told her with a laugh, "But I suspect it might be a little difficult for us to get around, particularly in the summer months."Esme nodded, "Yeah..." Her eyes drifted toward the sand, and then the open ocean again."What are you thinking?"She snickered almost shyly and looked down."Tell me," Carlisle pushed lightly."I was thinking of a beach type of property, too," Esme confessed, "But it would be too difficult to do what we need to do."He smiled, "There might be something.""Maybe." She scrunched her nose and shrugged her shoulders, "A nice house near the woods is always nice.""If you'd like something a little different, we can look into it," Carlisle told her again. "I wouldn't write it off just yet."Esme smiled and nodded lightly, but thought the option was nearly out of the question. Their family couldn't risk being caught, and with so many younger members of their family without as much life experience, it was probable that one of them could slip up and cause them all to be under the microscope again."We always have the island," she told him, getting a little closer to him. A closed-mouth smile decorated her face.Carlisle pulled her in for a quick kiss. "There is a part of me that still considers just living out the next ten years down there with you.""I can't see myself ever getting sick of it," Esme confessed, "I love it there." Her arms slid around the back of his neck and the two of them shared a light series of kisses.Carlisle kept her up against his body, "I want you to pick where ever it is we end up.""We'll all give our input," she told him, "Majority rules.""Not in my world," he joked, though serious undertones echoed in his voice.Esme smiled wider and kissed him again. "Maybe they'll leave us alone if we keep to ourselves in some quaint, little town in Massachusetts or Connecticut.""I think it'll help," Carlisle said with a nod. "We won't just be sitting at their disposal to come check on at any time.""I feel good about this," she told them, "And I feel better to know that Charlie and Sue will also be relocating. It made me nervous to think they were here without much protection."He agreed and slid his hand an inch or two up the back of her shirt and decorated Esme's back with his thumb gently. "They'll always have the wolves, too, don't forget."She smiled and nodded, "I think they're the biggest human attachments I've felt since becoming immortal."Carlisle gave a subtle nod."I mean, aside from the Quileute tribe in general," Esme added, "I always think of the boys and Leah as their own category."He grazed her chin with his free hand placed another kiss on her lips, "I love you."She grinned, always feeling girlish butterflies whenever he spoke the words unexpectedly. "I love you too.""We'll go anywhere you want," Carlisle whispered in her ear.Esme didn't fight him and whispered back, "Okay."He kept her in his arms for another moment before the two of them continued their private stroll down the midnight beach.
