This is a sequel to Dance with the devil. I am not native speaker. Im sorry for my mistakes.I am Isabella Swan, the true mate of Aro Volturi. I was sitting on the stone floor in front of the mirror. I was locked up in the tower of Volturis castle. My eyes were watching my reflection. I was beautiful I still could see an angel in the mirror. I was wearing a white dress. My dark hair came down to my waist. I still had green eyes althought they were very dark I needed to feed. I was thirsty. They did not bring me blood. I thought it was a part of my punishment. I fell from grace. The Volturi never gave second chances to the traitor like me. However I was not sorry I could not watch away. I had no choice. There was no other way.I was afraid of fire. My shield was fireproof but I will be torn apart. It will probably be very painful and slow death. Will Aro watch or will he execute a sentence himself? Will he give me the honour? Will he be able to tear the head of his true mate off? He could control his bonds. He was able to kill his own maker maybe he could control this bond too. That would clear a lot. I missed him so much. He left me alone. The bond was like a curse. I would like to rip it from my heart and my soul.I put my palms on the mirror like I was supposed to enter but I was already on the other side of the mirror and I could not back. It was late.I heard voices and steps. They are coming for me. I did not have much time left. I had Marie Antoinette on my mind now. When Aro wants my death so be it but everybody including him will watch me die like a queen. I stood up took a deep breath and raised my head up. I am ready.one month agoI was sitting in the library and trying to study latin. I was fascinated by this language but I had a problem with concentration. I looked around the large library it was a beautiful place. It was a cavernous room, made of the white marble. There were row upon row of wooden book cases filled by Antique books. They were bound in leather and ornamented with gold and silver. Aro had been collecting some books and manuscripts for three thousand years. The library was permanently without oxygen as a precaution against fire. All oxygen was vacuumed and was pumped into the room only because of humans but they were seldom present.I loved my husband. I showed him respect like I promised and he appreciated it. It was very natural here because everybody showed respect to Aro Volturi. The guards called him master. I loved resting my head on their master chest or lap.I read the Bible. I loved the story about the queen Ester. Yes, it was better when some man thought that they were in charge.I guess he was very vulnerable in some moments and I could manipulate him so easily. Sex was incredible but sometimes I had a feeling that he was a stranger. There was something in him that I was not allowed to know.I practised my shield regularly. I was really good I could protect other vampires. I was very strong shield. I could not only block Jane, Alec, mind manipulators and readers but also electricity even lightnings and fire. I was able to walk through the blast furnace without being burned.I heard human screaming sometimes but it did not bother me as much as before furthermore I went hunting during the feeding time. Caius was angry that I fed on animals but Aro did not care about his opinion as usual. I hated Cauis. My hatred was as pure as love towards Marcus. We spent a lot of time together. He was not cheerful but he smiled sometimes. Marcus was a wise man. I thought that this vampire knew everything. He told me about Didyme his wife and Aros sister. I reminded him of her. Maybe that was the reason why he wanted me around.I was walking down the corridor when I heard voices from the throne room. I did not like this room. Aro was different here. The power radiated from him and I was scared like everybody else. I never attended trials or executions. I never saw him kill anybody but I knew that he did it regularly.I went closer to the wooden double door. It was open. I heard Aros voice. I was wearing a white dress with long wide sleeves. Aro provided dresses and loved white colour on me and I loved it too. I sighed and entered the room. Aro was standing on the dais and saw me coming.My lovely mate." He crooned.Everybody in the room looked at my direction. It was embarrassing. I did not like being in spotlight.Come to me, my dear." He extended his large hand to me. I took a deep breath and followed his instructions as usual. I saw his predatory eyes again. Vampires stepped aside for me I went through the room stopped before him and bowed my head. I saw a nice couple a vampire and very beautiful girl. I had a bad feeling. I knew it was not a good place for me.Let me introduce my wife Isabella. My dear, that is Marco and his girlfriend Tatiana."I only nodded. I saw me and Edward in this moment. I gulped.He does not want to turn her." I looked at Aro with pleading expression but there were no mercy in his gaze as usual. He looked at Felix and he grasped Marco.No" Marco was yelling with fear. He was terrified because he knew what would happen to his girlfriend. Aro grasped her hand and smiled at her so soft.Do not be scared, little one." He whispered. His gaze was so intense. I was left breathless at the sight. She was like a mouse before snake frozen she was not scared. He spun her pushed her hair aside caressed her neck to relax her and then looked at me. I was not breathing I was standing still my eyes were wide opened. He looked at me with enigmatic smile on his lips. I opened my mouth and wanted to say something but I could not. I was standing with my mouth open. His lips were grazing her neck and he whispered something in her ear. A shiver ran down my spine. He moved like a feline with such incredible grace. He was sinister and graceful at the same time. I knew that he would kill her and I did not want to watch but I could not avert my eyes from him. He pressed her body against his and bit her. She whimpered only slightly I saw passion in his eyes I was riveted to the spot. I wanted to be in her place. Now I really saw an angel of death. I saw mild smile on her face. She was not scared she was not in pain. It was beautiful. It was so impressive to kill somebody so tender. He seduced her. That was a kiss of the vampire. He dropped her body. Everything moved in slow motion. Marco was crying but I could not hear anything. The sound was like turned off. Aro was watching me, fascinated. I did not understand why then I noticed that I was smiling, dark passion was plastered on my face and his expression only reflected my own.I was frightened to death. What am I doing? Suddenly I started hearing again. I looked around vampires were watching me silently."You are a murderer." Marco was yelling.Aro only nodded to Felix and Demetri and spun me so my back was facing Marco and the guards and I could not see how he was dismembered. I wanted to turn my head but Aro prevented that with his grip on my chin. I closed my eyes. I could smell Marcos burning body. Aro pulled me closer against him. I raised my emerald eyes to his ruby. He smiled at me."It was nothing for your eyes my dear."He was so overprotective. I was a vampire but he treated me like a human girl who I had been before."Isabella you are full of surprises. I need to have you now." He whispered only for my ears. I was disgust by myself but I wanted to have him too.Aro told me that we could be equal in our bed but he did not say that it would really happen. He never asked. He took what he wanted, where and how he wanted. He tore my dress off or stripped me. He dumped me on the bed, table or floor. I had my gratification so I did not care. I was always carried away by his passion. Every touch every kiss was something incredible. I was created for him and he for me.I was resting my head on his chest. His fingers scratched my scalp."Do I scare you, dear one?""Why are you asking?""I could see your expression in the throne room. You looked like ready for death.""You are different sometimes.""That is always me. I love you. I would never hurt you." He kissed my forehead."You killed the girl before me and her friend.""You enjoyed that. She enjoyed that too I could read her mind. They taste better when they are not scared.""Good for you." I sighed."I love your scent. You have so different scent. I would like to know why." He purred in my ear."That must be the animal blood. Why did you let me feed on animals without fight?""Because I love you, I want your happiness and I love the fluidum you have. You are like light in my dark life. When I am with you I can feel some light from you in me. It is incredible feeling, Isabella. I love you so much. I would die for you. Whatever happens do not forget that. Never ever forget that." He pinned me on the bed kissing me."I love you too." I felt genuine happiness. I loved our bond.
