A/N: All things Twilight mentioned in this story is owned by the one and only Stephanie Meyers.Chapter one: Cat out of the bagJPOV:251 years. To most vampires that wouldn't seem like such a long time, even without a mate. But, for me, I still count the days, weeks, months, and years since I've seen her. She has been my little secret. Nobody, even Alice or Edward, know about my angel.Laura Margaret Whitlock.Alice knows that I was married in my human years before the change, but she doesn't know about Laura. I had an arranged married as the time demanded. Her name was Mary Catherine Mattews. She had long brown hair and crystal blue eyes. Our wedding was a quick event when I was in town for a week during my service in the confederate army.Laura was only a year old when I disappeared. Never to see her again. I still have a picture of her hidden in one of my old Civil War books. She had my honey blonde hair but, her momma's eyes.From time to time I try to image sometimes what she would have looked like, what her personality was. If she was more like me or more like her momma. Walking her down the aisle to a good man of my choice. Seeing her enjoy children of her own. If only I had been able to see her grow up. That is the only thing that I regret about this life is not being able to see Laura grow up.At times like these I wish I could shed tears to release some of the grief and sadness that I feel about the loss of seeing her grow up.I wasn't very religious then and I'm not now either, but, I pray that that she had a good life and that Mary gave her a good life and gave her to a good man that cared for her.I hope her personality was more like Mary than me. Mary was quiet and level headed all her life, where I was a spitfire for most of my life. That ended with the training that the Confederate army gave. But if she was a little like me than she would have been able to take care of herself and been okay."Jasper we're home!" Alice yelled.Shit! That means Edward could have seen and heard my thinking about Laura!"Be right down, darlin'." I replied."Who was that?" Edward asked as I walked down the stairs toward Alice."No one." I said shooting him a look."Who was who?" Bella asked walking in right behind Edward with the rest of the family."Jasper was picturing some little girl with blonde hair and crystal blue eyes." Edward told them.Bella looked at me with a questioning eyes. "Who was she?" She asked."No one." I repeated hoping she would drop it. The hope was vain knowing Bella."Obviously she was someone important the way you are reacting." Bella said shooting me a look that said to spit out the truth.I took a deep breath and looked at everyone. "I guess we should all go into the living room for me to explain.Alice gasped. "Jazzy! Why didn't you tell me?""Let's go sit." I said again and walked into the living room."Who was she?" Edward asked again as everyone sat down."My daughter." I said and everyone gasped."Uncle Jazzy, why didn't you tell us?" Nessie asked."You all know that I was enlisted in the Confederate army. Well, when I was away a man from town arranged for me to marry his daughter, Mary Catherine Mattews, with my father. And as the time demanded I did. We had a quick wedding when I was in town the next time for a couple days. That is when Laura was conceived. My little angel. I was over the moon when I found out about her in one of my letters. She was born March 27, 1862, little Laura Margaret Whitlock. I got to meet her two weeks later. She had her momma's crystal blue eyes, but other than that she was my little double. She was the prettiest little baby I had ever seen." I said smiling down at my hands folded in my lap."She was only a year old when I disappeared. Thinking about her always makes me so sad that I missed her growing up. I have a picture, hold on." I said getting up and running upstairs to grab the picture that was very an old small painting of my Laura."She was so cute Jasper." Esme said smiling sadly at Jasper as she handed the picture back to him."I was on cloud nine for a good two months after she was born. Mary consistently sent me letters telling about her. I missed a lot. I missed her first crawl, her first steps, first word. I cried when I read her first word was dada. But I still adored her and fawned over her when I was home" I continued.3rd person POV:Everyone was looking at Jasper sympathetically"I just pray she had a good life with a good man." Jasper finished.Alice was hugging Jasper and sending out all the love she could to show her support. Nessie walked over to Jasper and crawled into his lap and hugged him."I bet she did." Esme said walking over and hugging Jasper as well.She had always thought there was something that Jasper was holding back from the family, but didn't want to pry or intrude into his privacy, but she couldn't have dreamed that it was something so big that had him so withdrawn from the rest of them.Lord help my son with the thoughts that burden him. Esme thought in a quick prayer.
