Hey all. I have another Jake/Nessie story for you. It's mostly pre-written already. I want to give a big shout out to my beta Aretee. Thank you L for all your help. Any errors you all see are mine after the beta-ing. And thankyou for all the Americanisation L. It must be tricky getting the 'Aussie' out of my words sometimes, but you do it- so thanks.Any who... here we go.Pineapples and CherriesChapter One  Bella and Pineapple daiquirisHer body is pinned against the back of the bathroom door as I slam into her. Again and again, riding her hard and fast, her head's softly banging against the door with each thrust. Her hands are clawing into my shoulders as she hangs on. Her nails, digging in to my skin as she starts to lose her mind. I'll admit, it's a little painful, but mixing it in with the hard and fast sex, it happily boosts the sensation. Her feet are atop of the counter of the vanity of her father's small bathroom, her toes holding on as her knees open wide while I stand between them. I hold her around the waist, pulling her body into me with each movement, bringing us both closer to that point of release."EJake!" she calls, "Jake." I ignore the little almost slip of the tongue. Instead focus on the throaty gluteal plea of want. It is a sound that I had once only ever thought I would hear in my dreams, the very best and wettest kinds. Now finally, over the spring and the summer, I've become best friend AND boyfriend AND amazing sex against the back of Charlie's bathroom door, lover.We continue on, fucking while standing upright, the steam of the still vacant shower fills the space, warming us further and creating a wet sheen to both our skins, russet and cream. I don't consider myself a weak guy, in fact I'm pretty proud of my guns, but my arms are starting to burn from the load of holding her up, even as petite as she is. I can feel her walls start to tremble around me and I force my arms to hold for on for just a little longer. There is no way I'm going to stop the rhythm we have going just because of some pissy sore arms. She continues to make some more incomprehensible sounds as her wet and tight walls ripple her orgasm, her final climax a cut off cry as she loses all sense of time and space. Two more thrusts and I start to lose that so carefully maintained rhythm; pausing on the out stroke, then with one mighty plunge, I bring my cock deep into her, my love spilling all the way inside. Well, inside the rubber. A few more concluding thrusts and I'm done. Spent. I manoeuvre her so she can stand on her own two jellied legs. Huffing and panting from the exertion, I lean my head on her bare shoulder, her long brown hair, curling and tickling against my slick chest."Oh my god," she pants. "Oh my god." Her eyes are closed and her lashes are fanning over her cheeks as she bumps her head back against the door in an absent and quiet reverence of what we have just shared. Her mouth is slightly open as she attempts to catch her breath and her chest is heaving as I watch her pert tits moving with each breath. Her nipples were a rosy pink, hard and budded, and inviting me to suck. I resist though, I know that after our evening's endeavours she won't be up to anything more for a while. I cup my hand around her neck, my thumb lightly gliding over her swollen and reddened lips. Then it lovingly brushes over a cheek that's in full flush, redden by a combination of the exertion of holding on, the steam of the hot water and the flush of a woman well pleasured. I love her blush. I love her. Period.As our breathing comes back to normal and my dick softens and slips out, I pull off the rubber, knotting it and tossing it into the miniature bin on the counter. She takes a deep quick breath and her eyes open to mine; chestnut meeting with dark bitter-sweet chocolate. I kiss her quickly but meaningfully, "I love you," I whisper against her temple, kissing her lightly again. A smile spreads across my lips as I leant back and tap her playfully on the nose with a finger, breaking the moment before it could get awkward. I make a point of always telling her how I feel, especially after we make love, or have sex, or fuck against the back of a bathroom doorwhatever you want to call it. But I don't wait for the reply I know is never coming. I try not to kid myself; I know her heart is still in the hands of another. Another dickhead that is. Doesn't mean her conspicuous silence doesn't sting each time.She pushes off the door, ducking under my arms and reaching over to adjust the scolding shower water before stepping in. "We're going to be late now," she scolds playfully, her voice echoing slightly from the confined of the cubicle."It's your fault Bells, that bra was too good," I counter, stepping under the water spray with her. I press my hands together forming a cup and splashed my face trying to keep my hair dry. We'd been just about to get into the shower and get ready for a local party before the shower got even more 'steamy'. I'd taken one look at the deep red bra set she had on and any thought of cleaning shifted to dirty ones."I thought you'd like it," she smiles, teasingly biting her lower lip between her teeth. She knows just how turned on that lip between the teeth thing gets me. Tease."Yes. I liked it a lot," I mummer, my deep voice rumbling in my chest as I pull her body flush against mine. Her titties squish like giant, soft marshmallows between us. Both her hands are splayed against my pecs, her fingers sensually outlining the square set of the muscle."Well, I promise I'll wear it another time for you. But right now, we have to get out and get dressed." Bella leans over and quickly shuts off the tap. "You know how Alice gets if I'm late, I promised her we'd be the first to get there so she didn't have to be alone when people started to arrive."Alice is Bella's best girlfriend. They've been best friends since her and her family arrived in Forks three years ago. Before that, I was Bella's best friend. I guess I still am. But over the last few years, things had gotten a bit confused and we let boys and age and race come between us.As kids, we had been inseparable. Bella's dad and my dad are best friends, and after her mom left when she was around six, they started spending a hell of a lot of time with us on the Res. My mom became a kind of surrogate mother for her. Cleaning us up when our escapades got messy, letting us help in the kitchen when she baked, mostly it was Bella helping and me licking the bowl. My mom took Bells under her wing and the Swans have been a paleface extension of our family ever since.That connection was cemented when my mom died. I was eight and Bella was nine and I didn't take it well, I retreated into myself and basically stopped talking and eating straight afterwards. My Bells was there every day for me though. She felt the loss of the woman she considered a mother too and she look a few weeks off school and stayed at our place. She never left me alone, holding my hand through the funeral. She forced me to talk and eventually, to cry over her death. It took her eleven days to get me to cry. We were tucked up together in my twin set bed, my ninja turtle pyjamas on, her in her care bear nightie. She was talking to me about the songs mom used to sing, and she started to hum one of the simple Quileute tunes we'd often hear as she painted in her makeshift studio in the garage loft. That music, echoing out of my best friend's lips had been the last of the memories I'd had of mom, and it was that sound that broke the proverbial camel's back. I cried in Bella's arms that night, for what felt like hours. We ended up sneaking into Rach and Becca's room, pushed their beds together, and squeezed in together with them. I slept well for the first time in almost two weeks that night.That was what Bella was to me. Back then.I've always gone go school on the Reservation, and she in Forks. Didn't stop us from hanging out on weekends and school beaks though. That was until the year she went to high school and I was still in middle. We still saw each other for the monthly Clearwater- Black- Swan pasta nights and when dad and I would come over for the old men to watch a game. But I was a middle schooler and she a high schooler. I was on the Res, she was in the town. I was a boy, she was a girl. That was what had started to define us. Until it got to a point that we hardly saw each other.It got even worse when the Cullen family moved into town. She became best friends with Alice, and I guess she didn't need me anymore or something. And then she hooked up with Alice's brother, Edward. He was a senior and freaking tall and all the girls swooned over him and suddenly Bella didn't even go to the pasta nights anymore.I transferred to Forks high for the last three years of high schoolbetter academic and athletic options in a larger schoolbecause I have high hopes for my own future after school and they don't involve saying in La Push for the rest of my life. Maybe one day I'll settle down here, but not during my best years. So, anyway, I transferred to Forks High School, and I was totally in love with her. My sophomore year was total torture for me. My old best friendwho hardly gave me the time of day anymorewas also a totally hot, beautiful, perfect chick. During the lunch breaks, I tried to get Bells to hang with me, even for a little bit. But the 'Ed' was a controlling douche, and the two were practically joined at the hip and at the lips and the crouch too, or so I'm told. I never actually saw then going for it.And then good old Ed graduated and left for college. Not before ruthlessly breaking up with her, like two days before he left. Douche. Those few months after he up and left were harrowing to watch. Overnight she went from a happy normal-ish teenager to a blank, depressed, introverted Emo. She didn't even hang with Alice much either, I guess she reminded her too much of her precious douche. She was like an empty shell. A zombie devoid of all emotions, even the negative ones. At one point I thought for sure she was gunna start cutting just to feel something. It had hurt that none of us were enough to make her feel compete. Not her dad, not Alice not me.I had been watching her sitting by herself in the cafeteria one day, at the beginning of her senior year, just sitting and staring at nothing, not touching the meagre amount of food she had on her plate, not talking to anyone. I remembered what she'd done for me all those years ago when it had been me not eating or talking. I made it my personal goal to find the old Bella that I knew and loved, and was best friends with and bring her back to the world of the living.That was a bit over a year ago, Bells graduated this year and I'll be a senior when school starts back in a few weeks. She is out of her funk now though. Well and truly. We started hanging out a bit more last year. Jake and Bells were back. I'd missed my bestie. We started to do all kinds of stuff together then. We even got hold of some old motor bikes and did them up as a project. That took us until October. Then, one of the guys from school had a Halloween party and we went together as leather clad bikerspurely platonic. But fuck me, did she look hot in leathers?! I'm guessing she thought I did too, because we ended up making out on Mike Newton's parents' bed that night. I lost my virginity to her about two weeks later on that twin size in my room we'd shared almost ten years earlier. And we've been fucking like bunnies ever since. It's been almost nine months, not that I'm keeping score. WellI sort of am.Bella is going to Washington State at Pullman next week. I'll miss her, but we've promised to give the long distance thing a try. And I'm going to do my best to get good enough grades to get into college there too. But that's not for another week; seven more days with her, seven more chances to get an "I love you too" out of her. I don't care if she says it after we have sex or maybe just as we're walking down the canned fruit aisle at the Outfitters, I just want to hear her say it because she wants to say it. Seven more days before Charlie and me drive her down to move her into an apartment she will be sharing with another school friend.But I'm not gunna dwell on what's happening in seven days' time.Tonight, we're headed over to the Cullen mansion for one of Alice's extravagant, yet thoroughly extraordinary end of summer parties. There should be lots of beer, some really great music, an awesome pool, maybe some skinny dipping, and most definitely NOT a douche bag named Edward in sight. The douche didn't come home this summer. Some kind of band camp, apparently. Good. Didn't need him messing things up when she was so happy now. With me.So here we are, at least ten minutes early, walking up the driveway of the casa de Cullen. We not even up the first run of the porch steps when the eldest of the good doctor's kids comes barrelling out of the front door, lifting Bells up into a giant bear hug. Emmitt Cullen. He was like, the best offensive tackle Forks high had ever seen, he got a scholarship to Notre Dame, and he was in the second round draft this year, and is about to start playing for the 49ers. I can't believe he's playing for them, the 49ers Really? He's a Seahawks fan through and through, we hate the 49ers. Well, me, my dad and Charlie do anyway. But I guess a contract is a contract, and he is pretty good at what he does. And he's a good guy, I wish him well. Unlike his douche brother.He puts Bella down and the introductions are made. I've met him before, like, three years ago at football camp. I don't expect him to know me, but he says he remembers me. Apparently half decent native QB's are rare and memorable. I guess that's pretty cool.Then Alice comes out, dragging us both inside by the hand. She wants us to try the virgin frozen daiquiri from the machine she rented. There are two machines actually. One is the virgin strawberry flavour, and the otherthe other oneit tasted like a one gazillion proof, not at all virgin, cherry totally popped, pineapple. I go with the pineapple.I whisper into Bella's ear, "you know babe, they say if you drink pineapple juice, your cum starts to taste sweet like pineapples." I'm willing to do my part to see if it's true. It would be outstanding if she was too.She gives me an "I can't believe you just said that" look, her cheeks flaming. But then she starts to bite on that plump, luscious lip again, bringing my little J to half-mast. "Is that really true?" she asks, her eyes narrowing as she observes me with scepticism.I nod, a little smirk forming on my face. "That's what I've heard.""We'll have to see later if is then then, won't we?"Full mast now.The theme of the night is 'secluded tropical island hideaway'. It should be a good night, lots of secluded hidey-holes, lots of guys with shirts off and girls in not much more that a bikini. Yes and thank you. Yes to the girls in bikinisnot to the guys without shirts. I know Bells has a deep blue bikini underneath her sundress. I'm not sure if I want her to strut her stuff in her swim suit in front of half the senior class guys or not. I'm not too keen on other men seeing just how fine she is, but on the other hand, it seems such a waste to hide behind all that material. I kind of want the boys to see her 'girls', and be a little jealous. I know that's totally sexist or whatever, but I don't see her stoping me from taking of my shirt with my awesome guns on display, either.We dump our stuff in the doorway of the spare room, we're staying the night here so we can get wasted and the olds will be none the wiser. The spare is basically Bella's room anyway, she's stayed at this house enough times over the past few years. Mr. and Mrs. Cullen basically allocated Bella her own space so she could keep a tooth brush and stuff in the private bathroom. A funny look crosses her face as we walk past the stairs leading up to the main bedroom wing. I guess she fucked the douche in one of those rooms up there. Don't want to think about it.The party is good. Everything we've come to expect from an Alice-C-par-tay. The night is actually pretty warm for the pacific north-west and everyone is going crazy in the water. Kids from school are making out in every dark corner there is. I want to get Bells out of that dress and see that bikini I keep getting just tiny glimpses of.We're leaning against the bar and I throw the last of my third pineapple daiquiri down, ignoring the brain freeze it gives me. "Let's go for a swim," I suggest as I take the almost empty drink from her hand and placed it on the counter behind us. My hands rest on either side of her hips, pulling her in closer, our bodies touching in all the right places. She melts a little into me; her second pineapple daiquiri has done wonders relaxing her up a bit."I think it's still a little cold for me," she shrugs, looking over to the pool but staring, unfocused; like she's seeing a memory. Probably got fucked by the douche in the water or something. Still don't want to think about it."Come on Bells, it's heated." I lower my head so I can better look into her eyes. "Everyone's in there. Just a few minutes? Then we can get out and I can find a fun way to warm you up." I smirk, winking and giving her hips a little shake. I know I'm laying the innuendo on a little too thick; but a boy's got to try.She slaps my shoulder playfully, "is everything about sex with you Jake?" she laughs, shaking her head."Not everything," I defend, "only things that involve you babe." I say, giving my half mongrel a little nudge into her stomach for effect. "Watching you do anything is sexy. Mostly because you don't even know just how sexy you are doing even the most mundane everyday things."She loops her fingers through the strap of her dress, her finger running back and forth against the material. She's eyeing me suggestively; playfully, like maybe she's had one too many pineapple daiquiris. I'm not complaining. "I guess getting undressed is kind of mundane and 'every day' when you put it like that." She giggles, pushing my hard-on back into her hip. "I guess we'd better get into the water then. To hide your shame." Her eyes are glistening in the torch light around the pool. The little vixen knows exactly the way she's teasing me. Still not complaining.So, we get into the water. The blue bikini is everything I hoped it would be. Little pearl beads between her tits and threaded on the strap. The way the bow of the halter tie hangs over her neck with the little shiny, creamy dewdrops hanging like tassels, reminds me of a pearl necklace. Yeah, I'd like to give her one of those later on tonight.We swim around the deep end of the pool for a bit. Tyler does a cannon ball and nearly cracks us both in the head. We're both pretty much drenched now, so I duck under the water and Bella follows suit. Her hair is so long that when she surfaces for air and stands up, the brown locks draped over her boobs. Her nipples were hard and the ends of her hair is curled right around both the rigid little high beams. The water is dripping off her like some kind of exotic porno slow-mo. She is a very fine sight to see. And Jake Junior is appreciating the view. There's no way I'm going to be able to get out of this water any time soon.We we're in the shallow end of the pool and there is a little alcove of rocks that give us the illusion of some privacy. I take full advantage of the illusion. I sit down on a step that's under the water, pulling Bella on to my lap, so she's straddling me. If she wasn't sure of the effect she had on me, she knows now. We kiss a little, ignoring everyone else. The heat of her coochi is hot against my boardies. Her hands explore the line of my body-her soft little fingers reading brail over muscle. She always makes these little mewing noises when she's happy enjoying my body. I like it. I like it a lot.We kiss for a little longer; tongues exploring mouths, our bodies are touching in all the right places. Finally, we come up for air; the pineapple tastes sweet on her breath as it blows across my face. She looks at me, her warm brown eyes happy and alive. Her cheeks are flushed and her lips were a little red."I love you" I say. I can't help myself. I love her. I do. And I want her to know. Even if she won't say it back. Maybe it's putting her in an awkward position. But I said it all the same. Her eyes soften a little. I know she loves me. I'm her best friend. Of course she does. But is she inlove with me? Who knows? I hope so. I think she will, eventually. Seven days to get her to admit it.As she sits here, nothing but lycra and cotton between poon and cock, she gets distracted by something. Her eyes darted over the top of the rock wall behind me, over my shoulder. Her face pales, all the colour from her cheeks washes away. She stares over my shoulder for a few breaths, eyes locked at the scene behind me. I shift under her, trying to turn and look behind. But before I can, Bella has her hands combing through my hair, pulling me closer as she attacks my lips. I have a sinking feeling for a moment that I'm being played as a pawn in some game I'm not privy to. But this is Bella. I love her. She loves meeven if she won't say it out loud. She wouldn't just use me. We're a thing. We have been for months. And whatever this mad crazy kissing thing is; it's pretty hot. So I go with it.We make out some more, must be a good fifteen minutes of kissing. This is not helping my predicament below the waist though. How am I going to get out of this pool without the entire senior class of Forks High seeing the tent? I break off the kiss, lifting Bells up and floating her off my lap so that she's sitting beside me in the ledge. "We gotta stop kissing babe or I'm gunna cum in the pool and Alice would kill me if I did that."She nods, her eyes not really meeting mine. There's this totally fake smile plastered across her face, it's so bad, I don't think I'd even call it a smile. It looks more like she's holding back tears."Bells. What's wrong?" I think I know, but I'm pretty good at denial. And I don't want to think about what or who could have her holding back tears.She's worrying her lips between her teethchewing so hard on it, it's turning white. I'm waiting for her to bite right through it any second. I turn on the step, my knee bending up as I tuck my foot under the outer leg. My hand reaches up to her face and I tuck a stray piece of hair behind her ear. My thumb traces over her lips and I silently urge her to stop the gnawing."What's wrong sweetheart?" I can hear the fear in my own voice. I don't want her to hear it. If I'm about to get my heart broken, I don't want her to realise just how much it will hurt.She looks at me finally. Those hazelnut eyes are glassy and troubledand pleading. "Let's get out," she whispers, pulling me up to standing. All this weirdness deflates anything below the waist I had previously been worried about. We wade over to the pool's edge and I trot up the steps, reaching back to take her hand to help her out of the water."Let me grab our towels and we can talk. Hey?" I suggest softly. I want to get her out of the public eye; behind closed doors, so all she needs to think about is the guy in front of her. Me."Ok," she nods. "Let's do that." She leans her head over to the side and wrings her hair out. I squish mine out as I jog over to where we'd left our towels under the servery. I toss my towel over my neck, shaking hers out and holding it out to drape it over her shoulders.Looking up, I see Bella still standing at the pool's edge.She's standing straight upright.Her hands are limp by her sides as she just stares in front of her.She's staring at him.The fucker is back.Fuck.
