A.N. Hey everybody this is another Alec Volturi story. I am going to make it so that Renee and Charlie didn't get a divorce until Bella was twelve and my OC is eleven. Hope you like it. And this will start in New Moon.(Crystal's POV)Dear Diary, I just moved to Forks to live with my dad and sister Bella. My mom gave me this diary so I could write down my thoughts in it so I don't have to go to a Therapist there.  I was adopted by the Swan's when I was eight years old and Bella was nine. I was a very difficult person to keep around. I always ran away from Foster Homes and some Orphanages. I have always wanted to find my birth mother. The Swans came in with their daughter Bella. I was by myself and they saw me. Immediately they wanted me. They said I was just meant to be their second daughter. Bella and I got along great. I never ran away again. I finally found my family.  When I was eleven my parents got a divorce. Renee took both me and Bella away from dad. When I was fifteen I was a cheerleader. I was popular and had a lot of friends. After school ended some friends went to go camping for a few days. That first night I was having a bad feeling about that night.Bella didn't want to go, so it was me and three friends. I went to go charge my phone in the car and I heard a scream. I ran back there and saw my friend's dead with bite wounds on them and blood everywhere. I got on my knees and saw one of them barley alive. She said one word "Vampires!" he eyes widen and look behind me. I turn and scream. I then blackout.Once I wake up I see my boyfriend. He disappeared during spring break, and everybody assumed him to be dead. But he was somehow changed. His tan skin was super pale, and his green eyes are blood red.I back up and start to run but with supernatural speed he was in front of me. He said "Don't scream Raven. Please. Something happened to me over spring break and I was attacked and became a vampire. I joined these people who taught me the ropes and well we hunt together." I am about to scream and he puts his hand on my mouth and said "Okay listen right now they think I am killing you. I want you to be careful okay?" I nod and he told me all about vampires. And The Volturi. They are the scariest vamps in the world. And the most powerful. He gave me his number so I could talk to him in private. I walk back slowly to camp and see police and doctors there. They go up to me and ask if I was one of the people there. I said yes and told them my name. I said it was vampires. They all laughed at me and I kept insisting that it was. Even when they took me to the hospital.I overhead the doctors saying that I should be put in an Insane Asylum. But others were saying that it was the stress and the freaking out.After that I became Goth and kept talking to my boyfriend. But one night he texted me saying "The Volturi are killing us. I love you Rav."I never told anybody about vampires after that. Not even my sister. I began cutting myself, and they gave me pills and a therapist. I stopped taking my pills and begun lying to the therapist. Well that is all for now. Bye. Love, Crystal Frost Swan.I get up from my desk and look at myself in the mirror. I have pale skin, with long black hair and pure white tips with bright emerald green eyes. I am wearing black skinny jeans with rips in them, and my Jack Skeleton t-shirt. I have my black leather bracelets on both my wrists covering my cuts and on my feet or black converse.I moved here to Forks, Washington to be with my sister and dad. I mean I love my mom and Phil is like a second dad, but I think he was getting annoyed by my Gothic and Emo looks, personality and emotions. So I asked my mom for a change of scenery, so I moved to Forks.I go down stairs to see a girl talking to Bella on the couch. She almost looks like a pixie. She has short dark brown hair that is in spikes, she has pale skin and is wearing black pants with a white shirt and jacket and white scarf.Bella says "Oh Crys there you. This is Alice Cullen. Alice this is my sister Crystal."Alice turns around and my eyes widen "V-v-vampire!"Bella's and Alice's eyes widen and Bella asks "How do you know she is a vampire?"I take a deep breath and tell them how I know. Bella tells me that the Cullens aren't like the other vampires. They like humans and only drink animal blood.Then they explain powers and that Edward, Bella's boyfriend, went to Volterra to kill himself because he thought Bella is dead. And Bella and Alice are going there to stop him.I say "I am going to." After a ten minute argument I win and Bella and I pack and leave.On our way there Bella explains that Jacob is a shape-shifter. That his tribe is descendants of wolves.Once we get to Volterra Bella tells me to stay in the car. I wait till Bella gets back and Alice looks off into the distance having another vision. She leaves and says "Stay in the car Crystal."She leaves and I say out loud "Like hell with that Alice and Bella. I am not a helpless little girl." I go and follow Alice to a clock tower. I go in there and see Alice, Bella and a boy hugging Bella close, and I am guessing that is Edward.Then I see two guys and a girl in dark colors. One of the guys is really tall with short dark brown hair with pale skin and bright red eyes. The shorter guy has light brown hair with pale skin and bright red eyes as well.The girl is the scariest out of all three of them. She is short with blond hair that is in a tight bun, pale, chalky skin and bright blood red eyes. She is wearing a black dress that goes to her knees with white tights and black shoes. She is also wearing a dark grey cloak. Well it is something between a jacket and a cloak.The thing that they all have in common that they are wearing, is a necklace. And my bets are that that is the Volturi crest.All six of them stair at me and I say "Well sorry to interrupt a touching reunion, but maybe I should go now." Once I turn to leave the shorter guy grabs me and pulls me inside and shuts the door.He keeps a hold of me and the girl says "Who the hell are you?""Well I would like to ask that same question to you, you and you." I point to the girl and the tall guy and the guy who is holding me.The girl cracks a smile and says "Well you will have to just wait to find out. All of you follow me." She gestures to all of us. I stand still and the guy tugs me along.I say "Hey dude stop pulling me. You might pull my human are off bloodsucker. I am only human after all." He laughs and we all squeeze in an elevator. I am standing next to Bella, Alice and Edward.There is an awkward silence in there. I break the silence saying "Where are you taking us?"I see Alice shake her head in silent 'no' but two things; 1: I am naturally curious like 'Alice in Wonderland', and second I am pissed off at them and right now I really hate vampires.The girl says "We are going to see the Masters."I opened my mouth to ask who they where, but Alice squeezes my hand to stop but I still say "Who are the Masters? Are you guys like slaves or something? Why do you call them that? And why do we have to go to them?" Everybody turns to look at me with annoyed looks and I say "What? I was just asking simple questions."I see Edward smirk and the girl says "You will find out once we get there.Once we get to these big double doors I see these three men sitting on thrones. The middle one has shoulder length jet black hair with pale skin and milky red eyes and is wearing and all black suit.The guy on the middles right has shoulder length dark brown almost black hair with milky red eyes and is wearing dark blue jeans with a long dark brown shirt and a black jacket with a really dark red scarf. And he looks really depressed.The guy on the other side of the guy in the middle has white blond hair that goes a little above his shoulders, with milky red eyes. He is wearing a black suit with a dark red scarf. And this guy looks like he woke up on the wrong side of the coffin this morning.Then there is a guy standing next to the white haired guy's throne. He is really handsome. He has brown hair that sweeps across his forehead, with pale skin and blood red eyes. He is wearing dark suit pants with black Italian leather shoes with a dark red shirt and a dark jacket and a belt. And he looks nothing more than eighteen years old.When we come in the boy says to the girl "Sister, you were sent out to get one but bring two and a half."He then looks at me and his eyes widen and with a smirk says "And a delicious looking and smelling snack. What a clever girl."I glare at him and sneer his way. He chuckles and the guy on the middle throne says "Ah Bella is alive after all. Isn't that fantastic." He grabs a hold of Edwards's hand.Edward tells us "Aro can read any thought anybody has ever thought of with just one touch."Aro says "Interesting you cannot read a thought in young Bella's head young Crystal pushed you out of her head. Interesting. And how you can stand to be around her It makes me thirsty." He says as he eyes my sister.I swear he is a creepy old vampire. And I can't help but keep eyeing the handsome vampire who said I was a snack. I feel like I have seen him before. "And who are you my dear?" He says to me interrupting my thoughts.I say "My name is Crystal Frost Swan. Sister to Bella. And I am sixteen years old." He looks at me as if he is studying me.He says "You do not look like you are sisters."I say "I am adopted. I was eight years old when they adopted me and they are like my family."He nods and says "Well I would like to see if you are you sister are immune to my gifts."He holds Bella's hand and his look says that he will find something, but he doesn't. Then he looks at me and tries it with me. Soon a smile creeps on his lips and I think "GET THE HELL OUT OF MY HEAD YOU FUCKING WIERDO!" I scream in my head and he stumbles back and almost falls.The girl says "Master are you okay?"He nods and says "I couldn't read Bella's mind at all and Crystal literally pushed me out of her head. Quit interesting if I do say so myself. I would like to know if all the powers work on them." He turns tot eh girl and says "Jane"She says "This may hurt a little bit. Pain."Edward jumps in front of me and Bella and he falls to the floor withering in pain. Bella says "N-no please stop. Get me instead. Not him." Aro stops Jane and she faces Bella and does is. Aro smiles and nods at me. At first I feel a little pain but in my mind I say "STOP!"All of a sudden she stumbles back and falls to the ground. She glares at me and Aro laughs a psycho killer laugh. Jane gets up and turns to look at Aro and glares at me and Bella.Then he says "What a waist."The depressed looking dude says "You already know what you are going to do Aro."He sighs and says "Felix." He gestures to the tall looking guy and he grabs Edward. The shorter guy grabs Alice to stop her, Jane grabs Bella and the cute guy grabs a hold of me.I struggle to get out of his grasp but he only brings his lips near my ear and whispers "You can't get out of my grasp little girl."I am so ready to elbow him in his dick. I swear he is fucking annoying.There is a fight and Edward is dragged to the ground and just as Felix is about to rip his head off Bella yells "No please! Kill me not him."Before Aro can kill her Alice says "Wait Bella will be one of us." She holds her hand out to him and she says "Very interesting. To see something that has yet to happen. Even though Bella will become one of you, there is still a matter of Crystal."All eyes turn to me and I flip them all off. The blond haired guy says "She could be a threat to us."Before Aro could reply I say "Okay listen Blondie," earning a glare from him "I do not want to die, but I most certainly do not want to become a bloodsucking freak like all of you."Before anyone could say anything the depressed looking guy says "Aro come here." He goes over there and holds his hand. He looks between me and the guy holding me.Edward growls "No."Aro says "Jane please escort them into the waiting room."The guy holding me lets go. She brings us to a waiting room and Bella has me sit close to her.After fifteen minutes, Jane comes in and gives me a look of pity, anger and happiness. I don't think I will ever get her.We go back in and the boy glares at me and Aro says "It appears we have found Alec's mate." All the vampires turn to look at me.Then I say "First off what the hell is a mate. Second why me. Third why is Emo boy over there glaring at me? And finally who the fucking hell is Alec?"Aro says "Well a mate is like a soul-mate for you humans, but with vampires it is more emotional. And that 'Emo boy' is Alec. And we would like it if you stayed here in Italy with us, and when Bella becomes a vampire you will become one.""I don't know. I am sixteen and my parents will start asking questions. Plus if I do stay with you people, I have some conditions."Aro says "Of course my dear. Anything.""First off, I want full range around the castle, next I can leave the castle whenever I want and leave Volterra as well, but I can stay in Italy, and finally I can talk to my family and friends whenever I want.' I sayAro says "Well that seems fair. But you will have to have guards with you when you leave the castle.""That seems fair. Fine. And as for getting my parents to let me stay here, well we can go back to Forks and some of you mindless drones can come with to make sure I come back. You will call my dad and say that I was accepted in a school here for writing and theatre with a scholarship. Then I will come back here. How does that sound?"Aro nods and says "You all may take our private jet there and back. So you can put the stuff you need in there."I nod and we set off with Alec Jane and the two other guys there.When we were on the plane Bella fell asleep on Edwards shoulder, and or some reason a vampires hard rock physical body is comfortable to sleep on.I sigh and go to another empty section and start to read one of the books I brought with me. After a good thirty minutes I am greeted by the four vampires that came with us.They sit down and the short guy says "I don't think we have been properly introduced. I'm Demetri.""And I am Felix." The tall guy says.I say "Well I guess it is nice to meet you all in different circumstances. And as you all know I am Crystal Frost Swan."Demetri asks "What are you reading?""Endless Knight. The second book in the Arcana Chronicles." I say.They nod and Alec is just glaring at me. I put in my ear buds and put on my Black Veil Brides Perfect Weapon CD. Their music is blasting in my ear and I don't mind I just don't want to talk to anybody. I then keep reading my book.Once I finish the book I put it away and get my I-Phone out and get on Facebook. I then fall asleep only to wake up with Bella shaking her. I notice someone took my ear buds out while I was sleeping.I ask "Are we here?""Yeah. Alice took your ear buds out while you were sleeping. She said your music was pretty loud." Bella said.I nod and as we get into a car on the ride back home Bella says "Why did you agree to live with those murderers?"Luckily Alec, Jane, Felix and Demetri were in another car. I say "I don't really know. I mean I just had a bad feeling that either they would let us go unharmed or they would kill you guys and our parents and force me to stay. And I am voting that they would have done the later."She nods and I turn and see the other car behind us. I keep thinking about Alec. Wait why am I thinking about him. He is mean and rude to me.Once we get into Forks Bella and I dread of what's going to happen when we get home.They drop us off and Ale, Jane, Felix and Demetri stop and I sigh. I go up to them and Alec on the passenger side roles his window down and says "What!?"I say "Okay first off no need to be rude, and second wait out here. I don't know how long our dad is going to yell at us for leaving without permission. So yeah bye."We head into the house and see a very angry Charlie.
