Title: Find a WayFandom: TwilightPairing: Bella and PaulRating: MatureGenre: Romance and DramaAuthor: nyctophiliacalDisclaimer: All right go to their respective owners. My respects go out to the Quileute tribe and their gods.Chapter OneI've lived in Arizona, practically, my entire life. All I've ever known was the dry heat, the cloudless sky and those pesky annoying June bugs.Moving to Washington State to live with my dad was a completely different experience. It was cold, cloudy and it rain all the time. We didn't get rain back in Phoenix.When I first moved here I never expected to enjoy it as much as I do. I never actually thought I'd like it at all. Small towns have never been something I'd say I liked. The thought of everyone knowing everybody and everything about you did not appeal to me in any way. Though having people say hello to me and actually being happy to see me, made me change my mind. It was quite refreshing."Hey Bella,"I was brought out of my thoughts' by my boss, Mrs. Newton. I looked up at her to signal to go on."Do you mind closing up tonight," she asked, a bit frazzled. "I need to run some errands before my in-laws get to town in the morning."Mrs. Newton's son and I are in the same grade. He's constantly asking me out on dates and annoying me, but I couldn't take my frustrations out on her."Of course," I replied with a smile. "You do what you need to do. I've got things covered.""You are a lifesaver," she exclaimed, relieved. "Remind me to pay you double for today on your next check."I laughed at her giddiness."I'll be sure to do that," I smiled, waving her off. "Bye, Mrs. N."With a final wave she left through the back.I've been working here at Newton's Sporting Goods for about a year now. I moved here, December of my Junior year and it is now January of my Senior.It was around this time last year that I met Edward Cullen. We dated for about eight months before his family moved to sunny California and away from the cold.He was a little odd, always skipping school on the rare occasion of a sunny day and he's never go down to first beach with me or any of our other friends. I didn't complain though, he was my first love.Winter break is almost over. It's January 3rd and we go back Monday the 7th. I am so ready to get out of the funk of doing nothing but working.The bell above the sliding doors chimed, signaling customers and bringing me out of my thoughts. I looked up from the notepad I was doodling on and noticed three natives. They all stood tall possibly in their early or mid twenties. They each stood about 6 feet tall with the same beautiful russet skin. Each of them only wearing cut-off shorts and a t-shirt."Welcome to Newton's Sporting Goods," I vocalized. "We hope you find everything you're looking for."One of the shorter men looked my way. He had a crooked grin plastered on his face and his eyes lit up. His brown eyes contrasted perfectly with his high cheek bones.Our eyes met at the whole world seemed to stop moving. The way he looked at me was like a blind man seeing the sun for the first time. I felt drawn to him in a way I've never felt to any other person. It was as if I knew him from somewhere but I couldn't put my finger on it.A customer ringing the bell brought me back. I turned away from the handsome stranger and got back to work."Good evening," I spoke, slightly dazed. "Did you find everything you were looking for?"
