Baby MakingBella POVMy heart is beating quickly...and something feels sooooo gooood between my legs...wet, slow, warm, and oh wow...what a way to wake up. I can feel Edward's arms wrapped around my thighs, his long fingers resting on my belly, and his head between my legs, his soft hair tickling the inside of my thighs...lips moving, and tongue occasionally delving deep inside me. I open my eyes and look down to see the top of his head slowly bobbing up and down. I put my hands on his head, and caress his hair tenderly. "Oh god...ah...yes..." I moan, as he soon carries me to a very satisfying climax, and I tremble in his arms. "Edward!" He tilts his head back, and looks up at me with smiling green eyes.I raise my arms above my head for a luxurious stretch, and he slides up along my body, nipping my belly, teasing my belly button...stopping to gently suck my breasts, then finally he kisses my lips, while his hot, hard cock slips inside me. "Good morning, Bella. Let's make a baby," he says with a sexy smile. His eyes close as he enjoys my tight wetness, his long, thick erection slowly sliding in and out of me, his hips circling and grinding into mine.I wrap my arms around him, my legs open wide, as I match his rhythm, using my internal muscles to milk his shaft. We moan, groan and say "I love you". Another orgasm for me...then another...and another...he grunts loudly as he finally joins the ecstasy. His mouth opens, and he cries out my name - "Bella!"It is SO much fun making a baby.We've been at it now for the past few weeks, and neither of us wants to slow down. If we had it our way, we would stay in our bedroom all day, every day. We are that good together.Now that Carlisle and Esme have decided to enjoy their marriage without worrying about children, we can turn our thoughts completely to each other, and bring our own little ones into the world. We have already started preparing a nursery, using gender neutral shades. We enjoyed shopping for furniture together, holding hands and dreaming of our little boy or girl. So far, we have a crib, a rocking chair, some toys, a changing table, and several cloth diapers. We have talked to young mothers we come across, to get advice on caring for babies, as well. We both have a lot to learn.Carlisle and Esme have been away for the past month, enjoying their honeymoon, and we are expecting their arrival any day now. One Saturday afternoon, we receive a telephone call from Carlisle, inviting us to come for a visit. They are back home! We are both looking forward to seeing them again, so we hop into Edward's Alfa Romeo 20/30 HP, and zoom over to their home. Edward loves driving his new car, and laughs about the speed, since it could never go as fast as the cars he had driven in his vampire days. It's a beautiful car, though, and he is proud to own it. Carlisle hasn't seen it yet, so we are looking forward to his reaction.As we pull up to their home, Edward announces our arrival by beeping his car horn. Carlisle and Esme walk outside to greet us, and we are shocked to see that Esme is now a vampire! Edward and I laugh, then hop out to say hello. I want to hug Esme, but Edward places his arm in front of me, holding me back. He carefully inquires, "Carlisle, is Esme comfortable with hugging us yet? Is her thirst under control?" Esme smiles, and nods her head, "Yes, Edward. Carlisle has spent the last 3 weeks preparing me. I'm fully acclimated to an animal diet. But, you should still be careful when approaching me. I don't need to be surprised with quick movements." Gently, Edward leans forward to embrace her, then carefully pulls me forward to do the same. She and Carlisle look so happy together. It's so wonderful seeing them as mates.Carlisle then begins walking around Edward's car, admiring it. He whistles, "Whew! This is some car, Edward. I'm envious!" Edward grins, and proceeds to give Carlisle all the specifications of the vehicle, telling how he acquired it, and what kind of speeds he can reach. So far, he's only been able to get it up to about 75 miles an hour. Carlisle is greatly impressed with this, but Edward then tells him that his Aston Martin Vanquish was able to get up to 180, so this pales in comparison. Carlisle just shakes his head, finding it hard to believe that a street car could ever get up to that speed. Edward smirks, and says, "You'll see it in the future."The guys then segue into a discussion about rockets and space travel, while Esme and I walk into the house. She has prepared a simple dinner for Edward and I, and leads me into the dining area to have a seat. "How do you like being a vampire, Esme?" I ask. She replies, "It's definitely taking some getting used to, but I'm so glad that Carlisle and I can now be together forever. I wouldn't want it any other way."Edward and Carlisle then walk into the room, and Edward takes a seat beside me. We enjoy the meal, while Carlisle and Esme sit with us, telling us all about their honeymoon travels. Edward then asks, "Carlisle, I'm surprised that you were able to get beyond your inhibitions, and turn Esme." Carlisle grimaces, agreeing with him, "Yes, it goes against everything I believe, but Esme begged me to turn her. Besides...I've waited 300 years to find my mate. We deserve to be together forever." He then turns toward Esme for a quick, gentle kiss. Edward and I are thrilled with their happiness.
