Hi! I just wanted to say that this is my first story so please go easy on me?Also i own nothing. All credits go to SM. Not me. Sadly.Chapter one(Bella's pov)I stared at the alien reflection in the mirror. I looked so unlike myself yet so similar at the same time. My eyebrows were defined and arched my eyes outlined in a layer of black eyeliner making them beautiful and noticeable. I had a dusting of blusher on making my cheekbones stand out and lip gloss on that just finished it all off. I looked beautiful. Well, it was to be expected when Alice was doing my makeup. I needed to look as beautiful as possible today. My wedding day.My mind drifted towards Edward as Alice started in on my hair seeing how pleased i was with the makeup. I thought of his beautiful face and his gorgeous golden eyes. I thought of his messy hair and his strong muscular body. Alice giggled and said "you're so cute! You and Edward are so in love, you both always get this far of distant look when you think of each other. Now onto your dress,close your eyes."i closed my eyes and felt the beautiful glossy fabric float down brushing against my face and fitting to the shape of my body perfectly.Opening my eyes again i looked into the mirror and gasped. My hair was elegant and dignified, held up with diamond slides glistening in the bright overhead light. I felt tears come to my eyes as i stared at my wedding dress. It was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen. My dream wedding dress. I sighed in happiness and exclaimed "its so beautiful Alice, thank you!"She grinned at me and eyes sparkling said " just the best for my sister. Now don't cry you'll smudge the makeup then i'll have to kill you."her face turned demonic then went back to her beautiful pixie like face. I stared at her suddenly glad that my mum and dad were waiting just outside. I yelled for them to come in still staring at Alice.I forgot all about it though when my mum and dad rushed in just to stop dead. "oh my god. I cant believe my little bell is getting married and is looking so grown up" my mum gushed.I looked at my dad nervously to see his eyes looking suspiciously bright and wet. "im so proud of you, Bells. You've got a good life planned out for yourself."I forced the tears back from my eyes and gave him a massive hug. I was gonna miss him so much when i was a vampire and couldn't control my bloodlust enough to be around my own father. He patted my back and said "come on bells time to get you to your husband."I got a tight feeling in my chest as i realised. My father had finally accepted who i wanted to spend my life with. I hugged onto him tighter taking a deep breath storing the smell of him in my mind. I let go of him and turned around linking my arm with his. Let the show begin.
