I smile and tilt my head to kiss her softly. Surprised, she hesitates for a moment before kissing me back. My hands slide down to her hips, and she giggles when I lift her up, laying her down on the velvet bed a few moments later."Is this OK?" I ask her."Yes," she breathes.I continue to kiss her gently. One hand runs down her side, tracing her curves; the other cradling her cheek tenderly."I love you," I whisper. It was the first time that I had told her that. She is silent. "I said, I love you, Bella." She still does not say anything. "Well?" I growl, irritated. "What's your answer?"She looks surprised at my annoyance. "Edward, I. . . I'm just a little confused, I'm sorry."My grip tightens around her hip, and her arm, in frustration. "What?" I growl, "What are you confused about? You want me to have sex with you, and you won't even say you love me?"Now she looks. . . scared. Of me. "Edward, let go," she whispers. "You're hurting me."My eyes widen and I release her immediately. "I'm so sorry, Bella," I say softly. "You know I would never intentionally hurt you, right?"She swallows hard before nodding. "I don't want to. . .take this. . . sex thing too fast. Please."I take her warm hand in my large one, her elegant fingers weaving between my rough ones. Then I softly kiss her hand. "Bella, of course I want to make love to you. But I promise, I will never push you or go even the slightest bit faster than you are comfortable with. I'm sorry if I hurt you before, I love you."My hands explore her body cautiously as it moves against my own. Slowly, I slide my hands under her shirt, letting myself touch her bra strap, finger it. I prompt her to pull her shirt off, and slowly, she does. But she is hesitant and trembling. I don't notice, too stunned by what I could see of her sexy breasts, and her gorgeous curves.My body pushes hers down to the bed, my hands on either side of her. I am barely aware as my lips cover every inch of the pure beauty in front of them. My kisses trail her lips, her jaw, her neck, her collarbone, and finally her beautiful breasts, hidden behind her bra. I pull my own shirt over my head, throwing it to the side. And I go back to kissing every inch of her that I can reach. Hesitantly, she brings her fingers to trace the muscles of my chest, my arms. Then her hands reach up to my face and she gently pulls me up to kiss her lips. She holds my mouth against hers, and I slide my finger under the strap of her bra, aching to pull it off.Bella pulls away from me, shaking her head. "No. . .Edward I'm sorry, but I'm just not ready for that. Please, Edward."That makes me snap out of it. I no longer have the strong urge to squeeze her breasts, I just want her to be happy. "Bella," I say, touching her cheek gently. "I told you, you don't have to worry about that. I love you. And again, I'm promising you that I will never do something that you don't want me to. If you want me to stop, you just have to tell me. You don't have to give me any pleases or sorrys, OK?""OK." There's a pause, and then-"I'm going to go get us some dinner, from your favorite resturant. OK?" I say to her as I pull my shirt back on.She nods as she also redresses.
