Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.A/N: So, I've actually had most of this story sitting on my hard drive for a while now. I let a friend (Bexie!) read part of it and she talked me into posting it. So here it is, my very first Carlisle/Bella story. I got tired of making him the bad guy all the time. LOL This story actually inspired the "Inauspicious" story, so yes, there is a baby Jasper in this and he's the son of Carlisle and Esme. In this, they find him much earlier. You'll see if you read it. It is AU, like most stuff I write. My vamps have fangs and blood and, you know, they're just different. Not walking, talking stone. So, use your imagination, and come along with me. LOL~o0o~~o0o~~Unobstructed Views~There's no eye in the sky Just our love No unobstructed view No perfect truths Just our love Just our love And there's no verse No monument of words For our love For they can't hold All I know about my love, about my love Storm clouds break Pools remain memories for Earth embrace That umbrate up above They become New love New love There's no eye in the sky Just our love, just our love No unobstructed views No perfect truths Just our love, just our love~o0o~Carlisle Cullen sighed in relief as he closed the door of his office. It had been a long and mentally tiring day. He was, of course, fine physically. Vampires don't ever tire physically, but the stress of life could certainly affect them and he had reached his limit for the day. If he was being honest, he'd reached it from all the stress he and his family had endured over the past six months.Taking his seat behind his desk, he reflected back on all that had happened during the past few months.They had discovered, very soon after his marriage to Esme, that she had become pregnant. This had scared him terribly. He'd had no idea what to expect after all. He'd never even encountered any evidence of the subject during his time in Volterra, and he'd studied in their library extensively.When he'd finally called his old friend Aro, he'd been relieved to find out that they were aware of the phenomenon. It had happened many times over the years and they had documented several of the pregnancies personally. He'd been reassured to find out that the women involved had successfully delivered their babies and had gone on to be turned shortly after giving birth.Once they'd had such reassurances, they all had relaxed enough to settle in and enjoy the excitement of the miracle that was taking place.Aro had warned him, however, that the baby would most likely pose challenges due to his family's lifestyle and the fact that they lived so closely together with humans.Like any vampire, the baby would crave blood and unlike human babies, vampire babies are fully capable of obtaining their meal of choice from birth, especially if they are without their mother to nurse from.Carlisle sighed, rubbing his forehead with his fingers and thumb as he thought about his little one out there somewhere draining humans for sustenance.He'd been in a very long surgery the day of his son's birth, which had come a month before the date they had calculated based on the information that Aro had sent them and also the ultrasound measurements that Carlisle himself had taken.It seemed his son had been impatient and had decided to be born when his mother was alone, and driving through an area with no cell signal. Alice could not help because the visions she got were simply of Esme in a forested area, giving birth.The family had begun their search while he'd still been stuck in surgery, but by the time they found Esme, their son had been born, had nursed from his mother and had wandered off for reasons they may never know.The baby had injected enough venom or the tiny amount from his nursing was potent enough to begin the change in his mother and so she was well on her way to becoming a vampire by the time they found her, quite incoherent from the pain.She'd been unable to tell them anything about the baby.Emmett and Edward had gone looking for him immediately while Rose and Alice had cleaned up the area and taken Esme home to complete the transition.Carlisle sighed again and propped his head in his hands as he thought about his unhappy wife. It seemed that there was nothing he could do to bring her out of her despair and discontent.It felt as though he had been on top of the world one day, and then cast into the deepest pit of sorrow the next with the loss of his son. He couldn't help but feel that he was holding on to everything by mere threads, and if he was honest, his wife didn't help the situation. It seemed that they just hadn't learned to live with each other since she had turned. Everything felt wrong somehow and he didn't know how to fix it.Feeling his phone vibrate in his pocket, he answered it feeling grateful for the reprieve from his thoughts."Hello Alice. What can I do for you?""Hi Carlisle. Just calling to let you know that we're all ready when you are, and to tell you to stop beating yourself up so much. You can't possibly carry the weight of the world on your shoulders, so stop trying."Carlisle chuckled as he ran a hand through his golden blond hair."Well thank you for that sage and timely advice Alice. I wish letting everything go was that easy."He heard Alice sigh in what sounded to him like exasperation. "You're just lucky that we're not subject to gray hair, wrinkles or heart attacks Carlisle, because you would worry yourself into all three, I'm convinced. Come on home so we can get out of here. You need some time away and I have a very good feeling about this trip."Carlisle's breath hitched. "Have you."He trailed off as she broke in, her voice apologetic. "No, I haven't seen anything Carlisle, but then I'm not perfect. Keep that in mind. I can't see everything. I can't know everything."He smiled sadly. "I know Alice. Forgive me for putting pressure on you.""Oh Carlisle, if only I could see him and find him for you, I would. Keep your chin up. Maybe this trip will be different."He sighed. "Yes, perhaps so." He rose from his chair. "It will not however, if I never get out of this office. I'll see you all in just a bit."Doffing his white coat, he hung it in the closet and replaced it with the sweater he'd worn in that morning. It would be good to get away from everything and be able to simply be what he was; Vampire.There was something very freeing about letting go of all the restrictions he and human society placed on him every day.He smiled to himself. Yes, he certainly did need this trip, and he would now do his best to just let go and be, even if just for a day or two.With those thoughts, he headed out to his car, waving to the people that greeted him on his way.~o0o~~o0o~Carlisle glanced over at his wife as she sat staring out the passenger window on the long drive to their rural Northern Oregon cabin. This is the area their son had been born in and so this is where they always returned when they hunted and any other time they could.Carlisle hadn't wanted to leave this area without finding his son, but Esme had expressed a desire to move and so, to try to bring just a little happiness back into her eyes, he had relented, and now they resided in Forks, WA, her favorite home out of the many they owned across the country.Carlisle had noticed that Edward was very happy to make the move also, and wondered at it. He usually didn't care when or where they moved and so his sudden advocacy for the move to Forks was unexpected, at least in Carlisle's experience where Edward was concerned.Perhaps his was the same reason as Carlisle's own. He knew that Edward cared for Esme and it was obvious that there was very little that pleased her since her turning.Carlisle sighed, deciding to try to make conversation. "Are you looking forward to getting away my love?" He glanced at her with a smile trying his best to encourage her to engage.Instead, she frowned. "From what Carlisle? I don't exactly work."He nodded and tried again. "True, but a change of pace and scenery will be pleasant, right?"He looked to her and she shrugged, muttering almost to herself, "Yes, pleasant. I suppose." She resumed her silent observation out the passenger window at that point and Carlisle's jaw clenched.Rarely did he become angry, but his patience was a rare commodity these days it would seem and he fought with everything in him at this moment to keep what little he had left.Deciding it was best to simply let silence reign once again, he stared out the windshield and did his level best not to think of anything, concentrating on the scenery with steadfast resolve.Relief finally came when he pulled into the parking area beside their cabin that could hardly be termed as such. It was massive and somewhat lavish, but it was made of logs, and so the term applied, if just barely.Everyone went inside, settling into the various rooms prior to meeting back in the great room. Once there, Carlisle rose from his seat with a sigh."I'm heading out for a hunt. You're all welcomed to join me, as you wish. Make sure you have your phones with you and I'll see you later."He left the cabin through the front door and Alice, Emmett and Rosalie all looked at each other, knowing there was something very wrong with Carlisle. It didn't take much to figure out that it had something to do with Esme. With the way she had been for months now, that was a given. No. What perplexed them, but none of them dared think of, was Edward's out of character behavior.Emmett finally couldn't stand the tension anymore and stood. "I'm outta here too. Rose?"She nodded as she grabbed her phone off the side table checking the charge. "Alice, you coming with?"Alice eyed Edward and shook her head. "No, I'll go a little later, thanks. I want to settle in a bit and change clothes before heading out."It was then that Esme rose. "I believe I'll go now. No sense in putting it off." She headed for the door and Edward began to rise as if to follow. He stopped, however, when Alice reached out , staying his exit with a hand on his arm. "We need to talk for a bit Edward."Running a hand through his messy hair, he nodded and retook his seat. He knew this talk had been inevitable, he just didn't know when to expect it.Moments after the door closed on the others, Alice pinned him with a steely gaze. "Just what are you trying to achieve here Edward? Don't bother playing obtuse, we both know better. Man up, so to speak brother dear, and give me a straight answer."He nodded slowly. "I love Esme. I never meant for that to happen, but it has and now, I would like nothing better than to make her mine and make her happy."He glanced up at Alice with pleading eyes. "She's so unhappy Alice, and has been since her turning. Is it so wrong of me to want to see her happy and smiling again."Alice gave him a flat look. "Not sure there Edward. Do you really simply want to see her happy, or do you want her happy with you as her lover? I'm sure you can see the huge difference in the two scenarios. One is completely understandable, as she's a beloved member of our coven and the wife of your maker and leader. The other is appalling as you would betray that very same coven leader and maker. So which is it Edward?"He shot up from his seat and began to pace. " I already answered that Alice! I know it's wrong, but damn it, if she eventually gives me a chance, I'm taking it! ""So what you're saying is that you'll always be there, whispering in her ear, fostering her discontent, discouraging reconciliation and basically chipping away at the foundations of their marriage?"She shook her head sadly as he stared at her with wide eyes."Good god, is that how you really see me Alice? Such a despicable character as that?"Alice stared back, levelly. "You think about all we've spoken of here Edward, and then you answer that question for yourself, and be completely honest with yourself when you do."She rose and headed for the stairs. "I've done all I can do now Edward. Your fate and the fate of Esme is in your hands."~o0o~~o0o~Carlisle ran through the dense forest just enjoying the freedom of doing so. He'd already taken down a buck and a mountain lion and he was feeling very sated, at least where his thirst was concerned. All other areas of his life, not so much, but he was trying his best to put all that troubled him out of his mind for the time being.It was then that the heavy scent of human blood assailed him, freezing him in his tracks. The scent was so thick, it spoke of a severe injury at the very least and so he resolved to track it down and check it out. Perhaps someone needed help.He approached the campsite carefully having heard what he thought to be the attack of an animal upon the humans staying there.What he saw when he got there had him locking up in shock.There was one dead on the ground already, his throat ripped open completely, blood still welling from his wounds , but the other man is what caught his attention completely as he currently struggled with the tiny golden haired child that had attached himself to his neck with what looked to be a steely grip.Carlisle could tell, the way the child's face was tucked in to the man's neck that the toddler was currently busy draining the life blood from him as his struggles weakened from moment to moment until he collapsed back onto the ground, his struggles over and eyes blank in death.Carlisle shook himself from his shocked inaction, pressing the emergency contact on his phone that would draw everyone of his coven to him. Having spoken about such a scenario previously, they all knew to arrive as silently as possible and so it was mere moments later that everyone was gathered, watching in horror as the baby, as that is what he still was, drained his other kill.Not wasting any more time, Carlisle moved in as quickly as possible once the child had finished his second kill. He didn't want to trigger the child's instincts by interrupting him mid feed, but neither did he want to chance him escaping. He had to time this just right.The child had just lifted his head from his kill when Carlisle scooped him into his strong arms, not giving an inch when the baby began to cry and struggle to get free."Shhh, my little one, Daddy's got you. Shh, it's okay my son. It'll be all right baby boy. Daddy's got you now."Carlisle sat on a large rock so that he could turn the baby around and get a better look at him, as everyone else in the family drew closer.When he got him turned around his breath caught at how beautiful the child was. Oh, he was filthy and bloody, to be sure, but underneath all that, he was the most beautiful child that Carlisle could ever recall in all his years.The baby continued to cry and struggle, eyes wide as he looked around at all of the others gathered in a loose semi-circle around them.Carlisle shocked himself then when he began to purr gently. It was a purely instinctual thing to do and he hadn't been expecting it. The baby seemed to like it though as he laid his head against his Daddy's chest, his cries quieting as he clutched tightly to his shirt.Carlisle smiled and looked up at the rest of his family, noting their expressions.Esme, Rose, Emmett and Alice were all focused on the baby, their expressions a mixture of happiness and disbelief. Edward's however was set in a decidedly disgusted scowl, and it made Carlisle's protective instincts surface, his eyes darkening at the perceived threat, as he gathered his baby closer to his chest.He met Esme's hopeful gaze then. "Es, would you like to meet our son?"Her smile was bright and genuine as she moved forward, slowly sitting next to him on the rock as she reached out, smoothing her hand through unruly golden curls.She met Carlisle's gaze. "He's beautiful. Filthy yes, but beautiful."Carlisle smiled and nodded, the moment perfect until they all heard a scoff from Edward. "He's a feral little monster. Look at what he's done here!"Emmett reached out and punched him in the arm. "Shut your mouth Edward."Alice rounded on him, eyes flashing in anger. "He's a baby, surviving only by his instincts. He doesn't know any better! Now he has his parents to care for him, as it should be. He'll be fine with love and guidance. You should be ashamed of yourself."Edward shook his head. "I hardly think that stating the obvious truth is something to be ashamed of. All you need do is take an honest look at him," he gestured with his hands around the camp, "or at the horror that he's created here to see it! He should be put down."Carlisle growled loudly at that while Esme and Rose gasped, eyes wide as they stared at Edward.Alice was shaking her head in sorrow as she stared with unseeing eyes at the ground, blocking Edward's invasive gift with nonsense running through her surface thoughts while ominous visions of the future played out in the deeper layers of her mind. She had warned him. She could do no more than that.Emmett was ready to tear a limb or two off of his pseudo-brother.Shaking his head, he grabbed him by the arm. "Come on motor mouth. Let's get to cleaning this up and staging it. One animal attack scene, coming up!"He smiled wanly at a grateful looking Carlisle and Esme, until Edward decided to pipe up again."Well, that won't be far from the truth now will it?"Emmett reached out and smacked him on the back of his head before dragging him off. "Shut the fuck up Edward. Keep your shitty thoughts to yourself and get busy being part of the solution, not the problem."Esme caught Carlisle's gaze then. "May I hold him?"Carlisle didn't know why he was reluctant to let him go, but he smiled and nodded anyway. "Of course, you're his mother."He had to pry his baby's hands from his shirt gently before handing his shaking form to his mother for the very first time since his birth. He began to cry as the strong, comforting arms he'd been in were replaced by the feminine ones of his mother. He liked the strong, safe embrace he'd been in, not to mention the comforting purr, and these arms felt new and different.Esme had tears in her eyes as she took her baby into her arms. She looked into his vivid silver/blue eyes and smiled. "Hi baby boy. I'm your Mama sweetheart and I've missed you so much."His cries tapered off as he listened to her voice intently."Can you say Mama? Mama."He studied her carefully before trying out the word that she kept repeating. "Ma ma?"Esme laughed, hugging him snugly. "Yes baby! I'm your Mama!" Very good!"He gave her a tiny dimpled smile at her reaction. It seemed that word made her very happy, so he repeated it. "Mama."She looked at her husband. "Oh Carlisle! Did you see his smile?!"Carlisle smiled in joy and relief. Perhaps healing would begin between them now and they could be a happy family. It was his most fervent hope."I did Es and it's beautiful. Shall we take our baby home my love?"She smiled brightly. "Yes, I would love to."Thoughts? Comments? Questions? All appreciated! ~Spudz
