How could this happen?Disclaimer: Hello! Ok, so first off I would like to say that I in no way shape or form own Twilight! All rights of Twilight go immediately to Stephenie Meyers. If I did I wouldn't have wanted to continue the series :) Anyways, I hope you enjoy!Renesmee's POVMemories of my mother, who was now dead as of last week, filled my mind. The memories were flooding my mind, filling me with pain and sadness, making me want to cry for the hundredth time this week. I had began to feel the tears running down my wide cheekbones. My two brothers and I were getting ready now for our own mother's funeral. Our Grandpa Charlie was here with us and had been with Masen, Darien, and I once my mother, Bella Swan, had been told she had cancer. My brothers and I were pretty intelligent and we were also very abnormal. We all excelled in English, Art, Science, Math, History, and Music. Though, like my mother, I never had the eye-hand coordination that was necessary to excel in gym class. Grandpa Charlie would often remark about how smart we were, often. "You three are so much like your mother and father."A lot of the time that our mother was sick, she would often say that Masen, Darien, and I were the best thing that had ever happened to her. My brothers and I knew that we were vampire and human hybrids with our father being a vampire and all. As I sat at my vanity, brushing through my hair I began to remember the conversation... like it was only yesterday.***Flashback***I was at home with my brothers, sitting on the couch with them as we waited for our mother to come back from the doctors' office. At this time we were ten years old. "I'm really worried about mom Nessie." Darien said, hugging me. I brought him close to me, placing my hand on his forehead to show him good things. Good memories. You see, my brother's and I have supernatural abilities. Darien has the ability to absorb another vampire's power and harness it forever. Masen had the power of transmogrification so he could turn himself into anything, or anything he touched into anything, and then you have me and I have a power that when I touch someone's face I can show them my thoughts and even my memories, like a movie."Me too." Said Masen. "What if it is something really serious?" I nodded. I was sick with worry as well. Before she had finally decided to make an appointment with her doctor her health wasn't the best by any means. She constantly had a fever, constant headaches, serious abdominal pain, and she was never really able to eat anything or else it would come right back up, causing her to lose a bit of weight, enough weight to finally scare into seeing the doctor. We lived in Seattle with our mom so it wasn't far from our grandfather and if we were extremely worried we could always call him to talk about it.As soon as that thought surfaced, our mother as well as our grandfather, Charlie, came walking inside the home, Both of them having red rimmed eyes and tear stains down their cheeks. "Mom?!" Masen exclaimed as we ran over to help with whatever we could."Grandpa?" I asked, frantically looking between him and our mother as Darien and Masen carefully helped her sit down on the sofa. I could see the sorrow in our grandfather's face as well as our mother's."This... This is something I should let her explain to you." I nodded as Charlie sat down. I wanted to be helpful in some way."Grandpa, Mom, would you like some water?" Both of them nodded."Thank you honey." My mother said, the sorrow overtaking any other possible expression on her face. At this point, I was becoming terrified of what was making her so sick. Just from her facial expression I could tell it was bad. But... was it fatal? Please no! Once I finished pouring the water I could feel my hands shaking."Mom?" Masen beckoned."Masen?" She asked, looking at him after wiping her eyes with the back of her hands."Is everything okay momma?" Masen was the only one who still called her momma. It just stuck with him. Our mother looked up at us, the tear stains on her cheeks were very very obvious. She shook her head and for the first time ever, we had seen our grandfather cry. At this point, my brothers and I were all freaking out, wanting to know exactly that happened."Okay... Masen, Darien, Renesmee... I know this question won't make any sense to you, but when you three are thirst you crave blood, correct?" My brothers and I knew that all too well. Us three would often sneak out into the woods to hunt down animals once a month. We nodded."Yes mom. To be honest about everything, Masen, Darien, and I usually sneak out once a month and we hunt down deer and whatever animal we can find." Our mom nodded."Yes... I know about you three sneaking out and I know why. I want to tell you and I know that it will seem that what I'm going to tell you isn't true, but as of right now everything I am going to tell you is one hundred percent true." We nodded. "Okay... you know how you three have always asked me about your father? But I couldn't ever give you a direct answer. Well, now I can. Your father's name is Edward Anthony Masen Cullen. He is a full vampire. He and I loved each other and as a result of that love I was blessed with you three beautiful children. You three are a mixture of human and vampire. Your father left before I had any knowledge about you. I know that if he would known he would have stayed and loved you more than you can imagine."Our mother stopped speaking for a moment and took the chance to let a smile shine through. "Your father was the love of my life and always will be." A happy tear fell down her face and she used the back of her left hand to wipe it away. "The reason I am telling you this is because the doctors told me something today. I have been diagnosed with cancer." She ended there, pausing before continuing. "I begin treatment soon, but they doubt that it will do any good." She stopped to hug us, wrapping her arms around us. "I'm so sorry about this." She cried heavily with no chance of stopping. "I... I told you three about your father in case I don't make it and you meet him, don't hold anger towards him." Darien shook his head."But... He left you!""Darien, honey, I know. But there was a reason why he left. He left to protect me. He did it because he felt he was giving me a future. She shed another tear. "So please, if you meet him someday, don't be angry with him or his family." She begged. That conversation had been six years ago.As I was now finished with getting dressed into my black dress that was decorated with an angel pin and had pockets where I kept the pictures of our mother with us. I had a miniature photo album where I had pictures of when we were born, we had been born normally, there were other pictures of Grandpa Charlie and Grandma Renee holding us at the hospital where her friend, "friend-only," Jacob had been there when he helped her through our birth. Pictures of each year our birthday with our mother, pictures of our mother and her pregnant belly, our ultrasounds and the last six years of our mother's life. We didn't need pictures of the funeral seeing as Darien would be having his camcorder to record it, it wouldn't just be a memory, but one that we could relive again and again, not that we wanted to be sad, but it would be the last time that we were with our mother before he was brought down to ashes.In my other pocket there was a smaller photo book of some photos of our mother and father when they were in school together. Our mother had given me this small photo album when she was practically on her death bed. Almost all of her weight was gone, her body was nothing but skin and bones at this point. As I sat here, I pulled out the booklet to look at the picture of our mother and father together at their Junior Prom. They were so adorable together.Our mother was quite beautiful. Her hair had been waist-length and was in beautiful chocolate brown beach waves. She wore a royal blue and a vanilla colored overcoat. The man, our father, Edward, who was supposedly our father was quite handsome. Now I could see where I had inherited my bronze brown hair color from and where my brother's had inherited their golden colored eyes from. I smiled at the picture of them and put it back in my pocket before I moved over to my bed to lay back after I had added the last of my waterproof mascara. As I laid back on my really soft mattress I pulled out the picture of them together again and I very slowly ran my index finger over their faces, wishing they could be here. This is when I decided it was time to move to the living room.It was then that I had remembered. My brothers and I had made it our mission to get jobs over the past summer and together we had made enough money to pay for many different urns for our mother's ashes. That way we could all have our mother with us. Grandma, Grandpa, Masen, Darien, and I would get one each... and then we also bought one more urn... incase we found our father, so he could have a piece of the woman he loved so dearly.I finally made it out to the living room where I found my brothers crying on the sofa as well as Charlie and then once again I was in tears. Who was I trying to fool? I was crying worse than ever before. Last night when we had gone to set up everything such as the photo boards, which we were going to keep with us, of photos of our mother. One of the photo boards was of pictures of our mom when she had given birth to us. She had to give birth to us by c-section and hadn't met us until the next day, but Grandpa Charlie and Grandma Renee had been sure to take many pictures.The second photo board was our mother when she was younger that Grandpa had pooled together, ranging from her birth to her eighteenth birthday. The third was of all of us on my brother's and my birthdays as well as her own. And lastly the fourth one had pictures on it from during the six years of our mother's suffering during cancer, but most of the pictures, she tried to look as happy as she could. I hadn't realized that I had still been crying until I felt my grandfather hug me. "I'm so sorry honey. I'm so sorry." Our grandmother, Renee, was waiting for us at the funeral home, "finishing up", so she said. But to be honest, I had a feeling that she left early so she wouldn't cry in front of us."And... we're also sorry. About losing your daughter." We continued to cry like that until we were in the car on the way to the funeral. As we were in the car Charlie had brought up our new living situation. Seeing as we were still the age of sixteen we still had to live with an adult, but we didn't really mind it."So, are you all excited to be living with me?" I smiled and nodded."Yes, We love the thought of being able to stay with you because we love you and also the area you live in is a great spectacular hunting ground.""That's true. I'm so happy you want to stay with me. You have the camcorder Darien?""Of course grandpa." He said, sadness in his voice. i wrapped my arms around my brothers, holding them close. I already knew that this was going to be a rough day.To Be Continued...Sorry about all of the sadness and more sadness to come, but in the end it will become good and a happy story. I see sooooo many stories like this that are never complete so I wanted to take a shot at it. 
