Summary: Some love stories start in the most unexpected time; when you think everything you had is lost. Bella gets to marry not the man she thought she would live with forever but Edward Cullen, who tries to help her and him in the same time. And so their fake marriage begins Will it survive the storms?Author's Note:Dear Reader, I'm very glad to see you've clicked on this story to read. I hope it meets your expectations. This is a multi-chapter story and it shall not be discontinued; no matter the circumstances. Also, ratings may change later.With that being said, I hope you'll enjoy your venture into this saga with me as your somewhat sane guide.AvDisclaimer: The Twilight universe is most definitely the brainchild of Stephanie Meyer. I'm just having fun.PROLOGUE:"Jacob." Rosalie cooed. "Welcome to 'The Twilight Wedding'."The reality TV hostess gestured to Bella who was standing a couple of feet away. "The show where you marry the woman of your dreams. Doesn't she look gorgeous?"Jacob opened his mouth to speak but it took him a couple of tries to get any words out."She does." he managed to say at last.Relief washed over Bella, restoring her heart to its normal rhythm.It's going to be all right. It's going to be alright. It's going to be alright.The words had almost become a mantra for her in the past half hour. Now, she focused her expression into a confident pose."Jacob, this is your big moment." Rosalie continued, her perfectly curled blonde hair falling on her face. She hastily pushed the strands away. "All you have to do is pop the question and you can marry Bella right here."She beamed in encouragement.Jacob hesitated.Bella gave him what she intended to be a loving smile, although she was afraid it might have emerged more as pleading.Still he hesitated."Jacob, aren't you going to ask Bella to marry you?" Rosalie was growing impatient; sounded like a mother addressing a recalcitrant child.Jacob spoke, loud and clear this time."No, I'm not."Additional Author's Note:Unexpected starting? I know. I'd really appreciate a comment or maybe even two...
