Summary: AU Rising artists compete against one another for the opportunity to play with the famous The Denalis. Warnings: Femslash, multiple pairings.Disclaimer: Don't own.A/N: I haven't read any of the books and I've only watched the first movie (which I honestly don't recall much of). All the information I have is based off what little I've seen and the various fics I've stumbled across. So, I apologize if I get the characters way off mark. At least it's an AU? I noticed that I like the idea of a group pairing for Bella so I decided to dabble a bit with an idea I have. Anyways, enjoy.Ch. 1  Let the Battle Begin"Next up, ladies and gents, is Edward and the Hell-Raisers!" cried the announcer, hidden somewhere behind the stage. With a roar, the audience lit up the stadium only to be brought back into a hushed silence as the sound of a piano weaved a haunted tune into the night air.I did everything I could to get to youWithout telling you whyAll I needed was your heartHere, tonightBreaking the soft tempo, the eerie sound exploded as the lyrics took on a frantic beat in order to keep time to the other instruments joining in.You asked for eternityThat I'd never leave your sideNow and forever, you wanted a form of guaranteeI should have walked awayBut, I longed to get insideIt's become a burning obsessionTo know your every thought, your every desireI need to know, to ask a questionWill you be my singer, will you be my muse?When the blackest night calls me home,Where the moonbeams kiss the meadowAlone, will you wait for me?You asked for eternityThat I'd never leave your sideNow and forever, you wanted a form of guaranteeI wish I could hold you, safe in my armsI wish I could promise to protect youFrom the demon inside, butWhen I let go and release my caresWill you be sad when the nightmares don't endWhen the nightmares don't endI can't promise I will heal youWith my eternal touchBut give me your heart, I can stop all timeJust close your eyesLet me make you mineLet me make you mineAs the last word disappeared into the night, the silence was interrupted as the crowd of sweaty bodies erupted into another round of applause and cheers. Standing up from the piano, the pianist kissed his fingertips before tossing his hand into the air at his fans. With a smirk tugging at his lips, he turned to the other members of his band, internally delighted as a chorus of sighs slipped through the screams of longing.As the curtains closed to allow the next group to assemble, Edward sauntered off the stage towards the girl waiting for him near the entrance. She wasn't much to look at in his opinion; average height and build with long, dark brown locks and a heart-shaped face. All undistinguishable features from the next fan, but what he liked was the unconditional adoration that poured from the girl's chocolate orbs. She would do anything for him without a single thought of hesitation and follow him to all time, and that's what pulled him towards her once more.Catching the girl in his arms, he pulled her against his lanky and muscular form. With a quick shift of his arms, he slipped one extremity about her lower back while tilting her head up with his free hand. Dipping just faintly to compromise for their near eight inch height difference, he kissed her roughly while ignoring the cat calls from the other bands behind the stage."Hey, babe, enjoy the performance?" he inquired in a husky tone."Yes, you were fantastic!""Yeah, I know," Edward replied in a smug tone. Raising a hand, he ran his fingers through his auburn tresses, causing the messy locks to stand on end even more as he let her go. Repositioning his arm to drape the limb over her shoulder, he effectively guided her to the back where the other members were putting away their equipment."He was fantastic? Don't you mean we were fantastic, Bella-bear?"Turning about, the girl in question let out a yelp as she was suddenly pulled away from her boyfriend and into the tight embrace of a man the size of a large grizzly. Squealing, Bella clung to a pair of broad shoulders as she was lifted into the air and twirled about as if she weighed nothing more than a feather. Feeling her feet touch the ground once more, Bella clutched onto the massive form as she was overcome by a fit of giggles."Don't worry, love, you were amazing," an angelic voice answered in place of Bella.Glancing up, Bella quickly detached herself while nodding in agreement as the owner to the voice took her spot. Moving back to Edward's side, chocolate hues discretely watched as the blonde leaned in to kiss her perpetrator's cheek. Towering over her modest 5'6" height at nearly 5'11", Bella noted that Rosalie still came up short to the drummer's towering 6'5" build, despite the heels she wore. Even so, the pair complemented each other well. With his boyish face topped with dark curly hair, Emmett's hulky frame was able to provide the right amount of protection for his runway model of a girlfriend who seemed to be composed of nothing but electric blue eyes and soft, creamy legs that went on for miles.Breaking her attention from the couple, Bella moved closer towards her own significant other. However, her return to Edward's protective embrace was interrupted as the brunette felt another arm drape over her shoulders."Do I get a kiss, too, for a job well done?"Before she could reply, Bella felt herself ripped from the grasp and pulled once more into Edward's side. "Not from her, James. Go find one of your groupies to make out with," the pianist growled, narrowing green eyes at the group's guitarist."Oh, come now, Eddie-boy. Sharing is caring," James teased, undisturbed by the response he had received. Winking an onyx eye at the blushing brunette, the man made his way past the group to put up his guitar.Keeping an eye on the retreating form, Bella watched as the man with light brown hair stopped to converse with the group's bass player. Standing at 5'9 with glossy black hair, Laurent stood almost on par to James' slight height difference. Even so, their bodies contrasted considerably. Where Laurent had a slight olive tone to his medium build, James sported a tanned muscular build acquired from his time spent outdoors hunting and tracking."Yes, but Edward only shares with me," another voice chimed in, effectively stealing Bella from Edward's embrace once more and returning the brunette's attention to the conversation taking place around her.Growling in frustration, the tall brunette turned around as he was left empty handed once more. His scowl quickly turned into an amused grin as he watched Bella become enveloped in the embrace of his sister. Where Bella was of average height, Alice barely topped 5'. Energetic and constantly a ball of bouncing sunshine, Edward was unable to deny the green-eyed girl anything. "Somehow I think everything I own is eventually claimed by you, pixie," Edward teased, pulling both girls into his arms.Huffing at the nickname, Alice stuck out her tongue while returning the hug. "Of course. I'm too adorable to not share with. Besides, Bella's my best friend. You have to share," she stated in a matter-of-fact tone while nodding as if to further her point. In the end, it simply caused her black, short spiked hair to bob in the air during her explanation.About to cut in that she wasn't owned, nor did she have to be shared, Bella's attention became distracted by the announcer as he introduced the next band performing for the night. Excited, Bella excused herself to watch as Wolfesbane began their performance. The lead singer was her best friend, aside from Alice. Having grown up with Jake, the brunette was ecstatic that she was able to be here to see his group perform as well, despite Edward's continuous derogatory remarks about the reservation boys.Unable to process all of the words, Bella was still able to catch some phrases from the harsh vocals escaping from Jake as the drummer and guitarists occasionally dropped their erratic battle.Come lil' lady, don't be afraidThis big, bad, wolf just wants to playSo grab your toys and grab your gunWe've gotta go, I'm on the runThe devils are out tonightThe hunters as wellSo grab your toys and grab your gunCome along, I promise it'll be funDistracted by the performance, Bella didn't hear the footfalls coming up from behind, but as a pair of arms captured her waist, she let out a small scream even as a set of lips pressed against the side of her neck. Thankfully she only received a couple odd glances, her performance outshined by the group on stage. Turning about, Bella visibly relaxed as she realized Edward had found her. Smiling, the brunette turned back around to settle in her boyfriend's arms to continue watching her friend perform. Apparently, Edward had other thoughts in mind as his hands began to wander and his breath took on a lust-filled tone near her ear."Come on, babe. Let's slip out back while everyone's distracted," he purred into the shell of Bella's ear, causing the girl to turn bright red."Edward, we can't. Besides, I really want to see Jake perform."Growling at the sound of the boy's name, Edward tightened his embrace before turning the girl about. Seeing her hurt expression, he softened his touch as he lifted a hand to gently cup one cheek, his thumb brushing lightly against the girl's full lips. "You've seen him perform numerous times at his practices, Bella. I just wanted a chance to celebrate with you. Just the two of us," Edward explained, offering a crooked smile that he knew caused the brunette to swoon and cave whenever he wanted something.About to protest once more, Bella was saved as Alice appeared out of nowhere, tackling the pair. "Come on, guys! This is the last group and we need to get into position. They're going to make the announcements soon!" With that, the pixie dragged the pair to where the bands were supposed to gather.Sad that she wasn't able to finish watching Jake's performance, Bella conceded to Edward's reasoning. She had seen them perform in the past, and she knew she'd get to see them at upcoming competitions. There would be multiple more after this night as the Battle of the Bands would continue for the next month. At the end, the top group would be selected to join the famous The Denalis on their upcoming tour and would be offered a record contract with the Volturi Record Company.Settling down with the bubbly pixie, Bella waited as the rest of the Hell-Raisers made their way over. Along with Edward, the pianist and leader of the group, came the drummer, Emmett, with his girlfriend, Rosalie, James, the guitarist, and Laurent on base. Glancing around, chocolate orbs looked around for the blonde of the group."Alice, where's Jasper?" Bella whispered, leaning in close to the girl."Looking for me, darling?" a voice inquired, laced in a thick southern drawl.Tilting her head back to look up at the 6'3", lanky blonde, Bella smiled at Rosalie's brother. "Hi, Jasper," Bella greeted as the lead singer and backup guitarist settled next to his pixie girlfriend, pulling Alice into his lap."Hello, Bella. Did you need something?""Oh. No, I was just wondering where you were.""Ah. I was fetching this," Jasper explained, pulling out a tube filled with cotton candy decorated in a flower design. Passing it to Alice, she squealed in delight, gracing her Texan with a quick kiss before taking the sugary flower. Turning around, she snuggled into his broad form and settled herself for the sugar coma to come as the concert finally ended.Chuckling at Alice's obvious excitement, Bella settled into her chair, leaning happily against Edward as the announcer finally made an appearance. Reintroducing each group, the man's enthusiasm paralleled Alice's as he encouraged the crowd to cheer for their favorite group of the night. Between the crowd's response and the unknown judges' opinions, the groups would be slowly shuffled into winning order, the man reminded the audience. In the end, the tally was taken and the top five groups were announced."Coming in fifth place The Yorkie Newts!"Surprised, Bella cheered for the group. Old high school friends, Bella was happy that Mike, Eric, Ben, and Tyler had made it to the top. What surprised her next was the following group called to their attention."Coming in fourth place The Diva Princesses!"There were only two girls crazy enough to claim such a title. Sure enough, Bella caught sight of Lauren's platinum blonde hair and Jessica's brown as the girls blew kisses. She was surprised to see them there. She had been pretty diligent about watching each group and could have sword she would have remember a performance such as theirs based on how they were dressed. In either case, she would congratulate them later she decided as the third group was announced."Coming in third place Victoria Nyte!"Curious, Bella looked over to see the soloist performer leaning against the fence off a ways, arms crossed over her chest. Guessing from the distance, Bella concluded the woman was about her height, but was graced with long, curly, brilliant orange hair that shone like fire even in the lamp light. The woman's pose held that of a seductive, feline grace. Bella remembered watching her perform on stage, the high soprano had contracted with her fierce appearance, but her lethal exposed her agility and grace."And in second place we have Wolfesbane!"Tugged out of her thoughts by the next announcement, Bella let out a loud whistle as she watched the pack of men jump in their seats. Chuckling, she watched as Jake was tackled by a couple of his friends. The cheers were quickly silenced, however, as the announcer cleared his throat."Finally, in first place we have Edward and The Hell-Raisers!" the man concluded, causing loud cheers to erupt around Bella as her friends shouted in delight.Delighted Bella cheered for her family before she was pulled into a rough kiss by Edward. Clinging to his form out of cheer joy, Bella quickly remembered where she was. Collecting herself, she broke the kiss and pulled away. The sudden distance went unnoticed by Edward, much to her relief, as he turned to share his joy with the members of his band. Happy for the distraction, Bella turned to go congratulate her friends, spotting Angela over in the distance with her boyfriend, Eric. Before she could make more than a step in her waving direction, she was spun back around."Come on, babe! We're going to celebrate!" Edward exclaimed. Catching her hand with his, Bella was half dragged, half led out of the stadium with the rest of the band. Sighing, Bella decided she could congratulate everyone in the morning, or perhaps afternoon. Something told her she was going to have a long night, and she still had class to look forward to in the morning.
