"Isn't Bella so lucky?" Lucianna asked randomly. I paused, pen stopping in the middle of my sentence."Bella, who?" I asked, looking at her idly flipping the pages of her Twilight copy. Bella Swan? Lucky? Ha! That was the understatement of the year! More like; Blessed with good fortune from the gods themselves."You know, Bella Swan, that annoying bitch from the book. I mean, she gets some really hot vampire for a boyfriend, a smoking werewolf as a best friend who actually wants to jump her bones, and a perfect ending-which might I tell you, she doesn't deserve!" I rolled my eyes at my best friend and instead carried on writing my creative writing project. I didn't have time to indulge in a pointless debate about how we didn't like Bella and how she didn't deserve it because I knew that was what Lucy wanted."Ugh, No! I'm serious! Why can't someone like us end up with Edward instead?!" She was demanding my attention now, crawling across the bed to get all up in my face like bad breath. I couldn't even lean back because I was already leaning on my headboard. So instead, I huffed and roughly closed my notebook, aware that with her in this kind of mood, I wouldn't be getting any work done."Maybe because Edward Cullen doesn't exist?" Was my frustrated reply. "What's up with you anyway? Just five minutes ago you were perfectly content with swooning over the sparkling vampire, now you're getting all bothered about something which I thought you had already come to accept." I asked, raising an eyebrow and brushing my hair off my shoulder with my right hand. Lucy shook her head frantically, red hair flying everywhere and whipping me in the face. I frowned and passively removed a few strands from my mouth."No! I've never been okay with it! I just used to bottle it up because I loved the plot so much! Like, you know how much I hate Bella, because you hate her as much as I do, but Arsino, do you really think it's fair? When you really think about it?" My frown became deeper."Life's not fair Lucy, but there's not much we can do about it. Its fiction and Stephenie Mayer has already finished the series so really, why get hyped up about it?" I asked, pushing her away to get some breathing space. Lucianna gave me a dark look that said that she didn't appreciate my blatant dismissal of what must have been an important topic for her."Okay, fine. If you were in Bella's place, what would you do?" She asked suddenly, surprising me."Huh?" I asked, taken aback. What did that have to do with anything?"You heard me. If you suddenly woke up in Forks one day, and Bella wasn't there, would you a, stick with the plot, or b, change it completely?" Well that answer was kinda obvious. I would change the plot of course; I didn't have the patience or the right amount of sanity to deal with all the shit Bella had to go through. I would probably just avoid all those events all together, well maybe except for a few, like the whole van thing, because then Edward wouldn't save me and stuff. And I guess I would also have to do the Port AngelesOkay, I'm moving away from the main point. I would try and avoid the unnecessary things and just suffer through the really important ones."You already know the answer dude. Don't ask me stupid questions." I told her, getting off the bed to retrieve my tablet from my desk. Hey, if I was on some type of mandatory break, I would at least enjoy it."Exactly, I do. But like seriously think about it now. If you had the chance, would you try and change the plot of Twilight? Have Edward Cullen fall I love with you instead?" She asked me, crossing her legs and looking wayyy to eager to know the answer to the question. I shrugged, unplugging the gadget and sliding the screen to unlock it.Looking at the time at the top, I was slightly surprised at how late it was. How much time had passed while I was doing my homework?"Sure. If I had the chance, in a heartbeat. Who wouldn't want a hot vampire for a boyfriend?" I answered, trying to log in to Facebook. A few minutes passed and I had yet to hear a reply, so after sending my message, I looked up to see what was wrongonly to see my room was gone.Let me rephrase that.My bedroom was gone, in its place a completely different one.It was a beautiful room in its own right, though it looked like it belonged more in a five star hotel than a first year college student's apartment."Oh, Arsino! Good, it seems that you've finished unpacking. Just in the nick of time for Nina has just finished preparing dinner." A very familiar voice said, making my face snap towards the doorway.Oh, so that explained it.I had somehow gotten to Aunty Zaho's place. How, I do not know, but it certainly explained the expensive setting of the bedroom. She was rolling in it after all; with her numerous clothing lines and shit.But what in the world did she mean by "Finished unpacking?" What in the world was going on?! Not even one minute ago, I was in my own bedroom talking to Lucy about Twilight and checking my Facebook (come to mention it, my IPad and charger were still in my hands) and now I'm somehow with Aunt Zaho, who last time I checked, was supposed to be in South Africa visiting some friends in the Kruger.But instead, I just went with the flow, because I had a feeling if I voiced any of my concerns, she would think I was crazy."Er, yeah. I was just coming down to tell you. UmmAunty, how long has it been since I arrived here in"I trailed off, hoping she would pick it up."Oh, we've only just arrived in Forks maybe three hours ago. I suppose you would want to know though, the jet lag and all." She answered, crossing her arms and inspecting her perfectly painted ruby red nails."Pardon?" I asked, trying to make sure I hadn't misheard what she had just declared. I thought for a second there that maybe she had said Forks, which was impossible because there was not a place on the planet named "Forks". I would know, with my over two hundred IQ."Honestly Arsino, you know how much I hate to repeat myself. Pay attention. I said that we've been in Forks for about maybe three hours. Now, come, dinner is getting cold." She stated, before elegantly turning on her heel and walking out the room, fully expecting me to follow after her.I did so, only stopping to drop the tablet on the bed before rushing after her. If Aunty Zaho told you to do something, you did it, no questions asked. That is, unless you wanted to die young of course, then you were welcome to question her authority, but from the looks of things, it would seem that I was under her care for as longs as I was here for and I didn't want to take any chances."Arsino, so good to see you! It has been so long! My, how you've grown!" Nina, my aunt's helper exclaimed as I entered the dining room, which was every bit as extravagant as I knew it would be, crystal chandelier and all."Nina, give the child some air, she has just arrived." My aunt stated bluntly, taking a seat at the head of the table, and not knowing where else to sit, I sat across from her, on the other side. I heard Nina say something but I wasn't really paying attention anymore.I was kind of lost in my thoughts.I didn't understand how I was suddenly with Aunt Zaho because I knew that I was supposed to be in my apartment in Dublin, waiting for Lucy's reply. Maybe I was having some type of elaborate daydream whilst standing upright?Hah, ya right.But it wasn't possibly to be transported somewhere in like one second. Sadly, that technology had not been invented yet so what in the world was happening? Another thing was, it would seem that I had been sent to live here with my aunt, but I didn't even remember getting on a plane!"So, I'm sorry to tell you this but you'll be starting school tomorrow at Forks high, as opposed to next week like planned. I didn't see a reason for you not to start as soon as possible. I didn't want your academics to take a hit." She told me, breaking me out of my haze. Did she just say Forks High? As in, Forks High school? Well, there were two things wrong with that phrase. Why? Because Forks High school was a fictional place and secondly; I had graduated from high school last year. Even if I was still sixteen."Yes, I know that's almost impossible but we don't want to risk it. You're already being scouted by a few universities and at your age, that's almost unheard of. I don't want you to take unnecessary chances." She elaborated, daintily piercing a carrot with her fork.Lol, ForksFork. The town of Forks, was named after an eating utensil. LAWL.I halfhearted did the same, along with a piece of chicken breast and chewed slowly, contemplative."Aunty, why am I here?" I asked finally. Fuck it if she thought I was crazy or something of the sort, I just wanted to know why one second I was at home and the next I'm most probably halfway across the world with my aunt.For some reason, my aunt's expression changed completely, her vivid green eyes full of sympathy. For what, I was about to find out."I know it must be hard leaving all your friends behind, but really it's the best choice. Your parents and I made the decision that moving you out of the city would be better to help with your focus so that you could have a better chance at life. It must seem hard now, but the only alternative was boarding school and well, I'm sure you would hate us forever if we shipped you off to an unknown place." She told me, wiping a strand of dark purple hair away with her fragile wrist.Her hair was a genetic defect that all the women in my family have somehow inherited. Me included.Anyway, I had come to the conclusion that it was that point in my life. The turning point.Except this time, instead of boarding school, it was being sent to live with my aunt. Heh, all the better for me, I hated boarding school anyway. Thank god I didn't stay for more than four months."OhI see. Well, it's no big deal I guess. I'll get used to it I'm sure." I replied, sipping my juice and playing my role perfectly."Alright then, all your documents have been taken care of, so all you need to do is go with your school bag and stationary." Aunty Zaho replied, seeming relieved.Maybe she assumed I would throw a fit?"Aunt Zaho, I'm really tired. May I be excused please?" I asked, after a few minutes of silent eating."Of course, Ma Puce!" Did she just call me a flea? "Go and rest, you have a big day tomorrow. Goodnight my dear!" She said and I smiled back in response, before hastily making my way up the stairs and into my room.Truthfully, that night I didn't get any sleep, for I was too busy thinking about my predicament and chilling on my tablet out of boredom. I also found out, much to my horror, that instead of the year 2014, it was actually 2005. Like, what the fuck? On top of everything, I had been sent back in time too?It meant that I couldn't use my IPad in public, nor my phone (a Galaxy S2), which had been in my pocket in public. Which kinda sucked actually.But the thought which kept me up the most, was thinking that there really was a possibility that I had somehow ended up in the fictional world of Twilight in like the one second it took for Lucy to reply to my statement.I didn't believe it. Nor would I believe it until I saw solid proof.Because really, it wasn't possible to travel into books, right?Hello there people! Yes it has been a while, and yes I know I am supposed to be writing 'Chikara' but I've been facing a bout of writers block on that front and this plot bunny has been bouncing around my head for a while now, mostly because I've now acquired an obsession with Edward/Oc fics and its really hard to find any good ones so I decided to write my own. I know this is short compared to what I usually right but its just the first chapter and therefore, not that important. They will get longer and more in depth in the future, but I felt that it would be best to gently ease into things.Also, if any of you know a few Edward/Oc fics, please don't hesitate to tell me!As always, constructive criticism is much welcomed along with just plain weird and funny reviews!Much love, Blue ^.^
