"Why do you always drag me to these things? You know I don't like them." Alice moaned at me again for the tenth time since getting in my car."It is either I drag you along or Sam insists on being my own personal body guard to these things, do you know how awkward it can get when he grabs and shoves any man away from me when he considers them 'dancing too close'?" I used my fingers for quotation marks. "Now quit with the complaining you will give yourself and not to mention me a migraine." I say back, rolling of my eyes.Sam is my brother, he is older than me by 3 years but he always insists on coming to concerts with me, apparently they are 'dangerous' to go to on your own. Yep you got it the overprotective big brother who still considers you to be the small little girl who needs rescued from the big bad wolf. He still doesn't understand that I am 19 now, despite all of the reminding. Plus he forgets that I can take care of myself, I know how to drop a guy twice my height and weight, after all he taught me. In a way it is sweet but it is a real pain in the arse. i know he is only wanting to make sure i am safe and i love him for it."Sometimes I wonder why I am friends with you." she says playfully."It's because you are in love with my brother." I said with a flick of my hair and flash my million dollar smile. Alice and I had been best friends since I moved to high school in my last year, from that day we had been inseparable. Also she has a massive crush on my brother, since the first time she met him up until this very day, this very second to be exact. Even the mention of him causes her to blush like a tomato."Oh bite me." she says giving me her best death stare while trying to hide her blush. Like I said even the mention of him sends her face flaming. the first time he talked to her she squeaked like a mouse, i am not kidding either it was so funny i almost wet myself laughing."Ha! Oh god you have it so bad. Oh look they are letting us in." I said hopping from foot to foot.I had managed to score some last minute Sheer force tickets, they were one of my favourite heavy metal bands and I know that Alice has a secret crush on the lead singer, Brad, it was so obvious. On her phone there is a full album of photographs of him, but she denies its existence because the album is under a false folder name. Then there is the fact that she NEVER stops talking about his voice, the way he looks and dresses, how he does his hair, how he talks, god she can go on for hours, in a way it is cute. Also at times she dreams about him, she talks in her sleep a lot! but i got to love her for it and for her secret crazy fangirling.We walk through the door and flash our tickets to the bouncers and then to security."good job I know your real age or I would have stopped you Bells." My head snaps at the voice I find familiar and to the gaze of the security guard, he is wearing a baseball hat marked Security, as if it wasn't obvious with the whole walkie-talkies and the massive white writing on his shirt. But the height the tanned skin that twinkle in those dark eyes. Then that grin! It is non other than Sams college buddy."Jared? Oh my god!" I say as I give him a hug. "you work here?""Kind of?" he says with that wicked grin I haven't seen in a while."What you mean?" i ask. "No." I stare at him in disbelief. "You work with." My hand flies to my mouth. He gives me a shrug and a look which says yeah I work for sheer force it's no big deal. I try my best to control my shock. "You're kidding right?""Nope." He said popping the p."Oh. My. Frigging. God!" I practically shout. I am rewarded with a low masculine laugh. Then Alice perks up."You know Brad! As in Brad Brad. Brad the lead singer, could you get us to meet the band?" she squeals almost jumping up and down on the spot.Jared gives me a concerned look as though he doesn't know what to do or say."She's with me." I say to him. "Jared, Alice. Alice, Jared." They exchange hellos. "Jared is the only other person other than me who can beat up my Sam." Alice does a double take on Jared and surprisingly doesn't blush."You can.beat up.Sam?" she says in total disbelief, nope not a blush but her eyes did seem to light up when she said his name. Jared just smiles at her and nods slightly obviously a little uncomfortable."Awh still the awkward ladies man." I said elbowing Jared in the ribs playfully. "yes and I'm the only one which can make you eat mat.""That's only because."I cut him off "choose your words carefully baby boy or else I will drop you right now in front of all these people and make you beg for mercy.""because you're a distraction" he says looking as though he is ready for me to pounce."A distraction? Is it so?" I said raising one of my eyebrows and putting my hands on my hips."You know so." He said teasingly."Hmmmaybe your right." I said tapping my chin."Bella we should go in." Alice said obviously wondering what we were on about and giving me the Fill me in later look."okay." I said looking at her. When I turned back to Jared I pulled him into a hug. He whispers "Come find me after and I will get you backstage.""Oh your about to make this young ladys' night. You lady killer." I said putting my hand on Alices shoulder wiggling my eyebrows at him.With that Alice and I walked away arms linked together. I look over my shoulder and blow him a kiss then wink at him. He rolls his eyes and lets out a low laugh before turning back to his work.Okay so what do you think so far? Sheer force is not a real band, at least I don't think. I hope it isn't.hmm...well I googled and nothing came up.Review and tell me what you think so far and if I should continue or not.
