"Sam, I love you," I whispered in the dark."I love you too, Leah," he said back.My heart fluttered. "Promise?" I said."Until the end of the Earth, I promise to love you," he leaned down and kissed me once again.Snuggling down deeper into his toned chest, I sighed and fell quickly asleep."Are you sure you're going this weekend?" I asked Emily."Of course I am! Who am I to miss your engagement party?" Emily squealed."Shh!" I hissed, but giggled. "No one besides you knows. Not even Sam's brothers know." I smiled, and looked at the ring on my finger that I try so carefully to hide."Oh, I'm so excited!" she yelled into the phone again."I know, I know, Miss Maid of Honor?" I ended with a question already knowing what she would do."Oh," she breathed. I could practiclly see the tears forming in her eyes.I waited."Leah, I would be honored," Emily breathed."I know, thats why its called maid of honor," I teased."Ugh, It's only Friday and I can't wait to see you," she sighed. "I wish I could meet someone like Sam.""You will," I promised. "One day, you'll find someone better.""Leah?" Sam called, looking at the sandwitches prepaired on the table."Yes?" I called back as I folded clothes on the bed."Are these for me?""No, they're for me," I called back."You little tease," he said, appearing behind me in an instant."No, you're the tease baby, wearing these shorts and being all shirtless," I said back, smiling when he dipped his head in the crook of my neck and breathed in."Mmm," Sam breathed."I have to get things done," I whimpered as he started nipping my sweet spot."So?""Well..." I trailed off as he claimed my lips.Gently laying me down, Sam hovered above me as he continued attacking my lips. I smiled as he growled, notcing the absence of any panties on me. Lifting my shirt above my head, I started on removing his shorts.I moaned loudly when he kicked off his shorts and started attacking his favorite spot on my neck yet again. Sam groaned low in my ear when I gripped him in my hands.Unclasping my bra quickly, Sam grinned before thrusting quickly into me without warning."Fuck," he said. I whimpered, trying to get him to move. "You're still as tight as the first time." "Are you sure?"  "Of course I am. We've gotten this far, haven't we?" "I'm just making sure." "I trust you Sam. You'd never hurt me." "It's going to hurt." "I figured." "You might regret it." "You're stalling," I sighed.  "Leah, please," he pleaded, his brown eyes boring into my own.  "Sam," I said, laying a hand on his cheek as he gazed at me. "I would never regret anything with you."Afterward, Sam wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me closer to him. I smiled, breathing in his warmth. "How were pack things today?""Oh, the same as usual," he said, waving a dissmisive hand."How about Jacob Black?""Jake still hates the pack, so I don't think he's close to phasing yet. Honestly, it's Embry I'm worried about. I brushed up against him yesterday, and he was burning up."I stayed quiet."Leah?""Yeah, Sam?""I'm still glad you said yes," he whispered."Good, because I'd never say no," I said and snuggled closer to him, watching the sun make its slow arc across the sky."Mrs. Leah Uley," he whispered in my ear."Sam Uley, if you try to seduce me one more time, those sandwitches will go bad sitting out."Sam was quiet. "I think I'm going to get those."I giggled as he walked bare ass naked to the kitchen."Hush Leah, you know you enjoy the view!""Maybe a little too much, but don't let that get to your head," I said, pulling the yellow comforter up around me.Sam's head peeked around the door. "What does that mean?""It means," I said, "that I would like it very much if you get your pretty ass back in bed so I can seduce you."The sandwitches were once again forgotten, but I don't think Sam minded.The next morning, I was woken by light kisses spread across my neck and face. Smiling lazily, I opened my eyes and saw my favorite honey brown eyes smiling back down at me."What time is it?" I asked, sitting up and taking in his jean clad state."A little after nine. I didn't think you'd be happy if I left you asleep.""Thanks baby." I said, standing up and walking into the shower, deciding that I could check my phone later.After showering quickly, I stepped out and wrapped a towel around myself, padding back to my bedroom and going through my drawers. I really wanted to wear something cute, but I really didn't have anything that screamed 'wedding' and 'I have a ring on my finger'. I shrugged, throwing on a pair of nice jeans and a nice blouse, with a pair of flats. I felt happy, and I hoped what I was wearing reflected it.Sam kissed my cheek and headed back to do pack duties and get everyone rounded up before noon, which was when people were expected to show. I smiled, and started on the food. Just simple, not like anything fancy. Just hot dogs and my favorite salsa dip chips. I found myself twisting my ring, trying to picture myself telling everyone. I smiled, and was pulled out of my thoughts by a knock at the door.Washing my hands off, I hurried to the door, when it was blown in my face and I was being crushed in twig arms."Leah!" Emily yelled in my ear."Emily!" I squealed and hugged her tighter.Twenty mintues later, we were sitting on my bed eating powdered doughnuts and Emily was trying to pop a bottle of wine open."Is it too early for wine?" I asked, grabbed another powdery treat."Honey, it's never too early for wine," Emily said, smiling at me. "Oh shit!"The cork flew off and hit one of my trinkets on the dresser, and one look at Emily's horrified face was worth it.I threw into a fit of giggles, and she started cracking up too."I am so sorry," she said, handing me a glass and biting into a doughnut."It's no problem," I said, taking a sip of the tart alcohol."No, really, I'll pay for it-""Emmy! Just you being here is worth it," I said, and groaned when her eyes welled up in tears."I-I lov-ve you Linny," she sobbed and hugged me again, almost causing me to spill my wine."I love you too, Emmy.""So have you decided on a wedding dress?"I sighed and set my glass down. "Sam doesn't want a big wedding, and let's be honest, neither do I.""I'm not sure I understand?" Emily looked at me with a reproachful look."Emily! I'm still going to have a Maid of Honor, and it's going to be you, and Paul's going to be Best Man. I just want a small wedding. Maybe in the backyard, with Billy as the pastor and a small gathering of just our friends." I looked down at the bag of half empty doughnuts and sighed, pushing it away."I'm sure it'll be fine. When's the date, anyway?""I'm not sure. Sam doesn't want a long engagement, but I would rather bask in the glow a little longer than he does."Emily sat back and pursed her lips at me. "You're giving in too much."I huffed. "Am not.""Are too.""Am not!"I giggled, but then composed myself. "Shut up, Emmy.""Suck it, Linny."I laughed. "Only Sam's."She laughed, "You are sooo gross!""Maybe you should do it sometime. Loosen up my Emmy here. When's the last time you had a boy, anyway?""When the dinosaurs died.""Ah," I sighed. "My Bachelorette party will take care of that."Emily giggled and blushed a bright red. "It's about time for people to arrive, right?"I checked the clock. "Yeah, just about." I stood up and walked up to the front door, only to see Sam's pack walking up to the porch and a car pulling up, breifly seeing my mother's face in the passanger seat.I smiled. I couldn't wait to tell my parents.Emily hugged me from behind and whispered into my ear, "Hubba hubba," eyeing the boys."Oh, shut up," I giggled.Walking out to the drive, I helped my mom with the pots of food she brought like always, and brought them inside, Sam following me. I set the food on the stove and let it warm, turning around to kiss my fiance.Little did I know, it would be one of the last kisses I ever gave him."Okay," Sue said, setting her plate beside her. "What did you bring us all here for?"So far, my close friends, parents, and the pack had shown, and that was fine by me. The rest were probably too busy."Well," I said, grabbing Sam's hand, my heart pounding, "You see, about a week ago, Sam did something."My dad squinted at Sam."I proposed," Sam said with a grin.The room burst their content bubble, happiness engulfing the small crowd. My mother walked up to me and hugged me, trying hard to hold in her tears. Harry clapped Sam on the back, and Sam engulfed my mother into a hug while she blubbered, "Y-you better b-be good to me l-l-little girl, Sam."Emily, who had been fairly anonymous throught the ordeal, caught in a conversation with Paul, walked up to Sam and smiled at the floor, tears falling from her eyes. She grabbed his shoulders and locked eyes with him.My world, in that moment, was shattered, though I didn't know it."Oh," Emily said. "Hi.""Hi," Sam said, quite breathless.My dad stepped inbetween them and hugged Emily quickly. "Ems! How long has it been sweetheart?"I smiled and hugged Sam, enjoying the happy little world I was making, not quite missing the longing look in his eyes when Jared hugged Emily.
