Author's Note: Okay so I've never written a Twilight Fanfic before, but meh. I thought I'd give it a go, seeing as I do love it in a way of my own. I just want to try and write my own Version so my character Luce isn't portrayed like Bella at all, because as much as I love Kristen Stewart, I'm not keen on Bella at all. I'm not going to say any more on the matter. I hope you enjoy. Character: Luce, is portrayed by Addison Timlin(I love the name Luce, okay? Don't judge me.) She isn't Bella's sister or anything, although she is going to have been friends with her when they were children, but Bella won't particularly be in it until (IF and that's a big IF) I get to New Moon, which I have decided if I do, I'll be changing it, seeing as because it's my own kind of story, I can. I DO LOVE STEPHANIE'S BOOKS SO DON'T THINK I'M BASHING THEM IN ANYWAY BECAUSE I DO LOVE THEM. Her father, Tobey, I imagine to be like Norman Reedus. Because I love the guy. End of. Forks it is. Driving seemed to take longer than I'd ever given it credit for, I suppose the drive from Wisconsin to Washington was a long one. Especially with just me and my father in the car. My music was blaring, and a few times we'd had to stop and sleep at hotels, not that it bothered me at all. I liked road trips. But as soon as I saw the sign I almost died. Finally. I pulled off my headphones when I saw that my dad was grinning from ear to ear."What?" I asked him."I haven't been here since your mother and I left when you were six" He said "I still kept in contact with Charlie and Billy..but Luce this is the best feeling in the world. I'm home"I smiled and looked out the window."I know that...I know your mother...meant a lot to you-""Dad" I said shaking my head."We need to talk about her sooner or later, kid""Yeah, later would probably be best" I said and he sighed."Alright, Luce"I didn't want to talk about her, the fact that she died six months ago, made me want talk about it. I didn't want to talk about the fact that she was gone and I wasn't. When she had died, I'd wanted to curl up into a ball and die myself, because let's face it, being seventeen years old and having your mother die probably wasn't the best of experiences, considering how close the three of us were. The only person who I had to talk to back in Wisconsin was Millie. I know she was going to come visit next month after everything was all sorted and we'd settled but she'd been my best friend since I was ten, technically my only friend. I mean sure, I'd had some girl called Bella when I was like four but..I was four.It took only another twenty minutes to get outside the house, we went in and I chose my room, after dumping all the stuff on the bed. Thankfully the walls were a dark red colour, I grinned. Maybe Charlie had painted it for my dad. Probably seeing as my dad was really the only person who'd known my favourite colour was dark red."Luce?" My dad shouted from downstairs, I went down the stairs and he practically shoved me out the door, and there was Charlie, Billy and Billy's son Jacob standing. "You remember the guys right?" He asked and I drew a face."Yeah" I nodded "Hi""Oh and...the trucks yours" My dad said as he made his way down the porch.I looked to him in surprise "Are you serious?" I asked, and He nodded. "Mhm" I waved him off as I looked the truck "That is awesome""Told you, she'd love it" Billy said."Shut up" My dad said and I grinned."We're down with the kids, as Billy says" Charlie smirked and my dad punched his arm like a child.As they three got to talk I moved beside Jacob "So..you like, you put up with this everyday?"He laughed "Guess so...but your dad's here, so it's worse now"I laughed myself "True" I nodded."You need any help with this?" Jacob asked."Nah, my old boyfriend new a lot about cars" I said and Jacob flushed slightly."Your what?" My dad asked loudly and I looked over at him."Nothing" I said shaking my head as I got into the truck. "Love it...this has to the present to top all presents...like ever"Jacob laughed "I fixed it up myself" Jacob said and I looked at him."You did?""Yeah, I'm great with cars, so if there's any problems with it...even if you know, you can give me a call"I grinned "Thanks, Jacob. You won't be wanting a ride to school..in the morning by any chance?"He shook his head "I go to school on the reservation"I huffed "Aw..would've been nice to let someone see how good they are with cars" I said and he laughed.I didn't sleep well, and the air was warm in the new house and my god when I woke up in the morning, I felt the dread set in my stomach. I had to start this school...on my own, and it wasn't even start of term. Seeing as my dad seemed to enjoy spending time with Charlie and was a police officer himself back in Wisconsin, Charlie was going to get him introduced to the team, apparently since he's the Sheriff he'd be able to hire him, plus he's known my dad since they were kids so that worked on his favour.He wished me good luck and he was gone, I made my way to the school in the truck and parked it."Nice ride" One kid said, and his friends around him laughed as I got out and I gave him a sideways sarcastic smile."Nice face"He stared at me in surprise and I gave him a shit eating grin. Ass hole. I slammed the truck door and walked away, the map in my hands as I walked. I had to figure out where the classrooms and such were. I managed to get around most of the place myself and got to the rather small classroom. Hm. I went in and handed the teacher the note, and he told me to sit down. Thankfully it was an empty seat. The teacher rattled on and on about something I wasn't interested in.I kept my eyes forward until someone whispered "You're Lucinda Cooper, aren't you?"My head turned and I looked to him, "Luce" I nodded, everyone in the class probably heard me."Where's your next class?" He asked me."Government" I nodded giving a small smile."I'm headed towards building four, I can show you the way" He said and I shrugged "I'm Eric""Thank you" I nodded.As we grabbed our coats from the railing, the two of us walked out after class finished. "So this is different from Wisconsin, huh?" he asked.I shrugged "The heat maybe...not so much""It doesn't rain there does it?""Not all of the time" I shook my head."So it's-""Sunny most days" I said."Oh" He said as we kept walking "You don't look very tan""I do, I've just not been in the sun much in the last few weeks" I said "Or I would be""Oh" He said again and I gave a small smile. Oh god this was so awkward. "Well, Good lick, maybe we'll have some other classes together""Yeah" I said with a nod.The rest of the morning passed in a complete and utter blur and eventually, it was lunch. I was glad though, half the day was gone and my god. It just needed to be over. It was now lunch and I was sitting with a bunch of people that I was sure only like three of them actually liked me. I wasn't sure about this one particular girl though, I'm sure her name was Jessica or something.All of this brought me back to my mother, when I was first starting high school. "It'll be okay, my Lucy. I promise. Everything will. You'll make lots of new friends" Had to say, having a mother like her had to be the best time of my life and it made the upset that I didn't have her any more. I tried to avoid the eyes of the girl in front of me and ended up looking straight at a bunch of kids I'd never seen before in my life.I'd never seen people who looked so perfect in my entire life. I mean, Millie was absolutely gorgeous but these kids. Wow. None of them looked alike, well except from the pale skin. One of the boys was large, with dark hair, the other just a bit smaller with a light golden blonde and the last one, was the one who caught my attention, bronze hair."Who...are they?" I asked to the girl on my left who turned.She turned up and looked at them, and almost as if he'd heard her he looked over at her and his eyes flickered to mine. He then looked away and I had to draw my eyes away to look at the girl."That's Edward and Emmett Cullen, and Rosalie and Jasper Hale. The one who left was a few minutes ago is Alice Cullen. They all live together with Dr Cullen and his wife" She said under her breath."Hm" I hummed and glanced at him again and then looked back to the table."They're gorgeous, aren't they?" A voice asked and I turned to look at the red head, Jessica."Um" I shrugged "I guess so. None of them...look related, though""Oh, they're not. They're all adopted. Dr. Cullen is in his like, late twenties, early thirties" Jessica said. "The Hales are brother and sister, the blondes, they're twins. And they're foster children""Foster kids?" I asked."Jasper and Rosalie are both eighteen but they've been with Mrs. Cullen since they were eight. She's their aunt or something like that""Oh" I said with a small smile. "That's really nice""I guess so" She said, she seemed off. I did not like her, not one bit. The boy, he reminded me of Luke back in my old high school. Not that this kid was an ass hole."Oh...long distance relationship? You look the type" Jessica said.I scoffed "No" I said shaking my head."Is there a guy though?""Was" Past term" I said with a quick fake smile."What was he like?"What was with all the questions? "Not worth it, if that's what you mean" I said "So..have they always lived in Forks?""No" Jessica said in a voice that made me want to slap her "They just moved down two years ago from somewhere in Alaska""Oh" I said "Who is the one with the bronze hair?""Edward" She said and I glanced at him again, he was looking at me. Not gawking but just looking, like he was frustrated. "He's gorgeous of course, but don't waste your time. He doesn't date. Apparently none of the girls here are good looking enough for him" She said.I had to cough, to make it look like I wasn't laughing and I bit my lip.After lunch, we'd entered the class room and I handed, whatever the guy's name was the slip to be signed. I sighed as he took his time and let my head roll back, as I looked at the ceiling. I looked straight again and then around at the classroom, and there he was. Mr. perfect sitting himself, but he was rigid in his seat, and his eyes were on me, and he had the most horrifying expressions on his face, like he was furious. At me? I had no idea why. I hadn't done anything."There's a seat over there, Lucinda" He said and pointed, and by god it was the one next to Edward Cullen."Really?" I asked him."Please sit" He said and I cursed under my breath as I dropped my bag onto the ground and sat on the stool. I tried to move it to the edge of the table but it wouldn't go that far. I noticed when I looked at him that his eyes were black, pitch black. Like something you'd see in Supernatural, not all of the eye obviously but..my god. He looked absolutely furious with me. Like he was going to eat me and I kept my head straight. Although from the corner of my eye I could see that he had his hand to his nose. I scrunched my face up.I could smell my shampoo, it smelled like lemon, as usual. So I didn't stink, so there was that. God this was so awkward. I narrowed my eyes and turned my head to look at him, but my resolve crumbled when I looked at him because he was staring right at me. I stared right back at him and decided I might as well look away from him, so I did and I looked back to the front of the classroom.The class seemed to drag in but even before the bell rang, Edward was up and out of his seat, and out of the classroom. I stared after him in, in disbelief. What an absolute ass."So did you stab Edward Cullen with a Pencil...or what?" A voice asked and I turned to see Mike Newton. I shook my head. "I've never seen him act like that before""Must just be me" I said with a small smile."He looked like he was in pain or something""Never had any kind of conversation with him. Wouldn't know""He's a weird guy, If I'd sat next to you, I'd have talked to you""Maybe he's not the talking type" I said with a shrug.The next class flew in, luckily enough it had been volleyball, and even though I wasn't the best at it. I didn't particularly suck at it either. I walked into the office to hand in my slip and who was there? Ass hole Cullen. Like he was ready for some sort of fight. I moved slightly just so I was against the wall. He was arguing with her, about trading biology. I almost scoffed but managed to keep it to myself. The door opened, another girl walking in and the air blew right in, blowing my hair everywhere. As soon as the other girl had walked out, Edward Cullen stiffened and turned to look at me, hate in his eyes. I actually couldn't believe this was happening. I had been here..a day and someone, who didn't even know me, hated me. Which I didn't understand."Never mind then" he said turning back to the receptionist. "I can see that it's impossible, thank you so much for your help" He said. He turned, without another look, and walked out of the door. I felt like following him and slapping him across the face."How did your first day go, dear?" The receptionist asked, bringing me out of my daze.I looked at her with a small smile "Fine" I put the note on the desk and hurried out.Thankfully, when I got there however the truck was really the only thing left, and I grinned a shit eating grin and moved towards it. Okay, so one guy didn't like me. Which was fair enough, I'd rather have someone make it obvious that they didn't like me than lie and pretend to be my friend, like that girl Jessica, as much as it bothered me, I felt no need to be upset by it. So I started the truck, and made my way home.
