It's been 45 years and no signs of any of the Cullens. For about 15 years, after my daughter Renesmee was born, I went searching for them. And it wasn't very hard to find them. I mostly just searched online 'Dr. Carlisle Cullen' and results from every hospital he has worked at appeared. I never actually went to find the, I just kept tabs and checked in every once in a while.A week after Edward left me, I found out I was pregnant. I held on as long as I could before Charlie noticed me getting thinner in the body and bigger in the stomach. So I left as soon as he brought it up with a quick goodbye because I knew that if I stayed there any longer, I wouldn't be able to leave. I flew to Alaska, hoping I could find the Denali coven in time. But I couldn't. I wandered roads, with nothing but a few dollars when I knew that the baby was coming, and I wouldn't be able to survive. I tried to get off the road and into the forest as fast and far as I could go without being detected. Not long after, a nomad vampire found me. She helped get Renesmee out and changed me before my heart stopped. When I awoke 3 days later, I found my beautiful baby girl who was half vampire and half human in the arms of the vampire that saved and changed me. Her name was Callie.Callie had been on her own for 20 years and was possibly hoping to find someone to stay with when she found me. Of course Renesmee and I joined her. One of the first things I noticed about her was her eyes. They were golden. She told me that she bumped into a coven about 10 years back that followed the vegetarian diet and found that she liked animal blood more than a human's and I later found out that the coven she found, was the Cullens. Callie had a very strange gift of her own; she could create any illusion of anything possible for others to see or even think. Although she rarely used it. My power was the ability to think of a power I wanted to use, and being able to use it. For example, if I wanted to be able to read someone's mind or be able to control someone's actions I could. Pretty useful if you ask me.The year after I was changed, Callie found her mate Josh. Josh was also a nomad and agreed to try our style of hunting. His power is being able to find out someone's past with a look into someone's eye. Sometimes he found out more than he liked. Then came Caleb and Emilee who were together and were ecstatic about joining our coven. Caleb's gift was being able to tell if someone's lying and Emilee's was being able to persuade someone's mind into doing what she wants.We all lived now in a mansion located by the place where it all began. Forks, Washington. And we were soon to be started school at the local high school. Where I first saw Edward and his family. I can now saw his name without cringing and wanting to kill myself. I'm not necessarily hurt or broken anymore. I just want revenge.
