Futa warning, femslash, this will be a Bella/Irina ficScreeching tires, headlights and a sickening crunch filled my senses as pain filled my body and I screamed out."Lexie!"I jolted out of bed, covered in sweat and grabbed for my kubatan and pocket knife. I knew something was wrong when I couldn't find them, my inhaler, nor my glasses on the night stand. Something was wrong... I could see just fine... and my sister wasn't in the room. Her bed wasn't even there. My chest felt lighter, the air moving swifter without the normal struggle. My head felt slightly heavier and I noticed my skin was paler. The rain pelted the window and the tree blew around.Wait...I looked around and saw bland clothes in the closet, a shocking lack of my leather jackets and high top sneakers. My skateboard was nowhere in sight and the laptop on the desk was not mine, nor was the desk. Pulling up memories of the book my girlfriend loved, my eyes shot open and I jumped up, cursing the shortness of this body. With a huff I rushed to the mirror I spotted on the other side of the room and paled at what I saw."No... no no god no..." This was not me. This was... that girl had long hair, wavy and chestnut colored. The eyes remained mine but brown eyes were easy to come by. The skin was too pale, the breasts way to small, seeing as I went to sleep with a DDD and woke up with a B-cup. Not that I'm upset about that, but come on, I use to be 5'7...Back to the worry...There was no way this was my body. That meant I was dreaming...I pinched myself and yelped in pain. Okay not a dream. Find a wallet... wallet, wallet, wallet, WALLET! I opened up the wallet I found, which was conviniantly set next to the laptop, and found a license that confirmed my fears."Isabella Marie Swan... oh, shit..."A light appeared behind me and I spun around. The man was in a military uniform and I gulped, then got mad. Why the fuck was he here?!"Attention!"I snapped into attention, my ROTC training kicking in without me really wanting it to. I stared straight ahead despite wanting to glare at the man that dared invade this body's room."I'm sorry, Alexis, but this is something you need to do. Do you remember what happened?"I sighed and he put me "at ease" while I thought. The car accident! Shit!"How's Sarah?!""Let me explain. You've been switched with Isabella's soul. She occupies your body now while you occupy hers.""So I survived that car hitting me?""Yes. Sarah has not left your side, but do not worry. Your lover will be alright. We have... tampered, so to say, with Isabella's soul. She is still Isabella, but with your memories. She will remember nearly everything you will. People, places, but she will be missing some. That will easily be explained with the accident.""So... Basically, Sarah will have me, a version of me, and she won't be alone? Isabella will help her through things.""Just as you had." He nodded. I took a moment to take in his features now that I had somewhat calmed down. He was a well built man, tall, his facial features a perfect mix of hispanic and african. His green eyes were piercing but I felt I should trust him. I nodded and he motioned for me to sit down."Why have I been brought here?""That Isabella, as you know, made serious mistakes, eventually ending in the death of another person."I bite my lip. "Irina..." I always thought Irina had been completely misunderstood. She was just scared, and had a knee jerk reaction due to her mother's death."Yes, as well as all the newborns and a few wolf shifters."I grunted. "How am I to change that?""Your presence alone changes it. You are gay, are you not?""Yep. Out and proud.""That fact alone changes things.""Ho- wait... Stephanie Mayer was Mormon. Latter Day Saint. No way she would write a gay in her book.""Exactly.""But what can I do about anything else? I'm 5'4 with noodle arms."He cleared his throat and took out a small red pill from his pouch and sat beside me. "Lexie, I'm here to give you a choice. You can go into this with a weapon. This pill will change you. You will be a shifter of sorts. Like the wolf shifters your animals will be abnormally large, but you can change into anything you think of.""So... lions, tigers, bears?""As well as Dragons, Centors and Unicorns."I blinked. "Just had to throw the Unicorn into that didn't you... wait! I can turn into mythical animals as well? Groovy!"He smiled but it soon vanished. "There are a few side effects. You will get taller, stronger, your hair longer and in general... better. Super Human.""That's not too bad. Sounds pretty damn good, actually." I leaned back a little bit and crossed my arms."There's something else. You... you know what a futanari is, correct?" It was strange, seeing this large man in a millitary uniform look... nervous."Uhm... yeah. I wrote a fanfiction with one.""That... is the other side effect. If you take this pill, you will become a futanari."I looked at the ground. Even though I had yet to meet any of these Vampires... God, what was I saying. Vampires! Blood thirsty, Vampires... But even in the books I had read, I wanted nothing more than to make life easier for the family. Sure Edward was an ass, but... Esme and Carlisle were kind, hard working, and loving. Emmett was a man-child, but a strong man and a loyal companian and friend. Rosalie, a bitch on the outside, surely had a beautiful personality that matched her outer beauty. I couldn't imagine Emmett would be with a complete bitch. And she had a hard past on top of it... Hard past... damn, that was an understatement.Jasper was a warrior and kind man... Alice one of her favorites and so damn kind and adorable. Not to mention Tanya, Kate, Irina, Carmen and Elezer didn't deserve hardship as well.If she had to suffer some pain to save them, she would do it. With a grunt and a nod she turned to the man. "I'll do it.""Are you sure?""Yes. If I have to suffer a little to save the Cullen's and Danali's, I will.""Okay. Remember, you are Isabella Marie Swan...""I understand."He handed me the pill and I swallowed it. I felt him pat my shoulder before my body erupted in pain and I fell back on my bed.xxxxThe alarm blurred and a loud knocking sounded waking me up and I groaned."Wake up, Bells! First day of school. You should get there a little early."The man's voice was unfamiliar but I quickly remembered last night and realized this had to be Charlie, my new father. I grunted and stood up, the height different from last night and my other life. I also felt something shift between my legs and sighed, looking to the closet for something to wear. The sight before me brought a grin. Button up shirts, jeans with rips, sneakers and combat boots, snap-backs and fadora's where all there. I grinned wider and grabbed black jeans with rips artfully placed, a blood red button up and a black silk vest. I put them on the bed and opened up the drawer. Boxer briefs. That works. I set those down with a bra and stripped down. Out of curiosity I turned to look in the mirror. I was nearly 6' now, my skin tanned. My arms, chest and stomach were completely toned, a six pack of abs showing well. My hip bones formed a V the ended in...Well fuck the guy wasn't lying...There between my legs was an eight and a half inch penis... Why so big...? I shook my head and realized there was no hair anywhere but my head. Well that's nice. I sighed and pulled on my boxer briefs and bra, purring at how comfortable the underwear was.Don't judge me.I pulled on socks and the jeans, sitting on the bed to pull on my shoes. My skin felt like it was on fire so I prolonged putting on a shirt until the last string was tied. I stood and put on the button up, leaving the top two buttons open. I then put on the vest, smiling. I felt sexy, but there was something missing. I pulled my hair into a low pony tail after running a brush through it and smiling, but still... something was missing. I turned to look at the closet again and spotted a black fadora with a red band."Perfect." I slipped it on and grabbed the bag near my bed... yeah I'll admit it's mine now. May as well. I headed down and found a note. Charlie kept it simple. Truck was outside, it was mine, the key was on my chain. Sweet. I grabbed a poptart and headed outside. Something needed to be done about the beast that this truck was. I sighed and popped the hood. I had time. I looked at the engine and transmission, tightening a few things and smiling. Double pump the clutch my ass. I also checked out the muffler and realized I would have to find money for a new one. But this was a great truck once I fixed it up. The other Bella clearly didn't realize this was a Shelby. A Shelby 1985 to be exact. I purred again and smiled, climbing into the truck and starting the beast, heading to school. While I was irritated I had just finished in school, graduated, I knew this was nessesary. I pulled up, noticing several stares my way, and parked, itching to listen to some t.A.t.U or something. I sighed and headed toward the building, spotting out of the corner of my eye a group of beautiful people. I turned and saw not five, but nine pale people. Five blondes, only one of them male... a red head... oh god...Victoria...I hissed and walked faster, going to the office. The lady behind the desk was elderly, a horrible dye job making her hair a bad version of what should have been blonde. She looked up when I entered with wide eyes. "I'm Isabella Swan. I got enrolled about a week ago.""Ah, yes, the chief's daughter. I have your schedule here." She handed it to me over the counter and I looked it over. English, Creative writing, descete math, lunch, biology and Study Hall. Sweet.I headed to English after getting my other two papers. Apparently she thought I wouldn't actually go to class. Yeah well I got to figure out how screwed I am Vampire-wise. I started noticing my senses were increased. I could hear whispers all around me as if they were speaking to me, I could smell the lunch ladies preparing the food, I could see pores on faces and pits in the paint around me...This is slightly off putting, going from needing glasses to seeing everything. Cool, but... strange. Then again, I think if you looked up strange in the dictionary you would see a picture of me.I sighed and bit my lip, looking at classroom numbers until a sweet smell entered my nose. So sweet it was almost too much, but it wasn't actually too much. Does that make any sense? I remembered how the Vampire's smell was described by the shifters. A sickingly sweet smell. That wasn't what I was smelling...I found my class and entered, the smell getting stronger. I handed my slip to the teacher and he sighed."Alright, we only have one group of two, so if you will join Mr. Cullen and Ms. Wild, that would be wonderful."I grunted and turned, going to sit with Emmett and... Victoria. I breathed deeply, keeping my heart calm as I sat. Victoria smiled at me and offered her hand. "Hey. I'm Victoria, but you can call me Tori." Her smile was radiant and I smiled back, taking her hand. This was not the killer from the book... Hmm. Her hand was ice cold and I realized my hand must be extremely warm or she was just that cold. We shook and she seemed surprised as she held my hand."I'm Isabella, but you can call me Iz or Izzy."Emmett boomed a laugh and offered his hand, too. "I'm Emmett. Nice ta meetcha Izzy!" I grinned at his childish ways and took his hand."Nice to meet you, too.""Alright, class! Time to work on The Odessy."I paid close attention in class but still was able to notice that beneath the fire red hair were golden eyes. Victoria was an animal drinker. I also noticed that they held hands.Rosalie was not Emmett's mate here. Victoria was. Interesting.XXXClass ended and after saying goodbye to my blood drinking friends I headed to the library quickly before my next class. I was wondering how quickly I could learn a language now. I picked up a English-to-Slovak book and headed to Creative Writing. More sweet smells. I walked in to find not one, not even two, but four Vampires in the back.Of course this class had tables of six, and the only open seats were with them. Looks like it would be harder than I thought to keep some distance at first. I talked to the teacher and sat with them. Edward was easily reconized, as was Jasper. I hoped to god my blood didn't sing to them like it did in the book. Beside Jasper could only be Alice. By the sense of power I got from the blonde beside Edward I could only guess this was Tanya. While they were all beautiful, Edward couldn't possibly hold a candle to Rosalie. I cleared my throat."Howdy, y'all. I'm Izzy." I saw a hint of a smile on Jasper's face when I let my accent from my past life shine through. Alice answered me first."Hi, Izzy. I'm Alice Cullen. And may I just say, I love your outfit. A little masculine, but still feminine. It's honestly fantastic."I blushed a little and when Jasper inhaled sharply and his eyes darkened a bit I willed it down and smiled at Alice. "Well, thank you, Alice. I thought I'd go for a bit of a stun today. I figured as the new girl I would get some attention, may as well show off some."I heard a purr to my right and turned to see the blonde smile at me. "Well you are quite stunning." I smirked a bit."As are you Ms...?""Tanya Danali."I grinned at being right. "Beautiful name."Edward cut in. "I'm Edward, her... boyfriend."I offered my hand to him, relieved that my blood didn't seem to sing to him. "Isabella. Nice to meet you." I turned to Jasper and smiled. "What about you, stranger? What's your name?"He chuckled and took my offered hand. "Jasper Hale. I'm Alice's boyfriend."They seemed to be waiting for something. I tilted my head."What is it?""Have you heard no rumors of us?" Edward started, seeming to be even more cautious of me than I of them."Bits and pieces, but... no. Why?""Izzy, our whole family lives together. That... I would understand if that bugs you." Alice looked sad and I was having none of that. I reached forward and set my hand over hers, smiling softly at her."Alice, I don't give not two flying fucks if you're dating your adoptive brother. You're all adopted. You dating Jasper, Edward dating Tanya, and Emmett dating Victoria is just like me dating one of the girls in this room. You're not related and should not let those low life assholes bully you into thinking who you love is wrong." I smiled at the other three at the table, noticing they all seemed close to tears. "I don't care at all. You guys could be Vampires and I wouldn't care."The chuckles that followed showed that they believed two things: one, I didn't know what they were, and two, I truly supported them."How did you know about Emmy and Tori?" Tanya asked and I chuckled."It doesn't take a mind reader to see they care for one another.""You said before that our relationships would be no different than if you "dated one of the girls in this room". You're bi-sexual?" Tanya asked and I shook my head."I'm a lesbian, actually.""Sweet." Alice smiled at me and I glanced at the board, seeing that our assignment was to write about ourselves from another point of view. I smiled."This should be interesting. How are you guys going to do this?"Edward chuckled, like he knew a secret. I smiled and removed my hat, setting it atop my bag and rubbing my neck before opening my notebook and starting to write while still listening to the two couples banter lightly. I found myself smiling until I looked down and remembered how Sarah always read what I wrote and told me what she thought. My hand started shaking and I gripped my pen tighter, feeling it crack in my fingers. I sighed and tossed it into the trash bin a few feet away and grabbed a new one from my bag.Sarah has a Lexie with her. She has a girl there for her."Izzy, are you okay?" A hand covered mine and I looked up to see Tanya looking at me worried, Alice also looked worried and the boys were looking around to see if anyone noticed what happened."I'm fine... just... thinking about my, uhm... my ex..." I muttered. It wasn't really a lie. She was in a way my ex, we had broken up before and got back together. Now I was gone and she was with Isabella's soul with my memories and some of my personality. I whimpered as I thought about her. I would never see her again. I felt a tear run down my cheek and smelt Alice come closer and sit beside me, wrapping her arms around my waist. I fell into her, my arms going around her shoulders and burying my face in her hair.I missed Sarah. I missed her comforting pressence. I felt a cold hand on my back and felt myself shaking. Tanya's voice reached my ears."Izzy... Do you need anything?""She'll be okay soon. Tell those students to back off."I'm pretty sure Tanya glared and I felt a wave of calm hit me. I took a deep breath and sat up straight. "Thank you, guys. I'm sorry... I just... it was a bad breakup. It was hard for me. I'm sorry I freaked on you guys."Alice gave me a light squeeze and smiled at me as she let go of my waist. Jasper smiled at me from across the table and Tanya shook her head, a soft smile gracing her face. Edward sighed and smiled as well."Izzy you needed to let that out. We're here for you."I blinked. "You just met me...""Your point?" Jasper grinned."I mean you would back us up right?" Tanya tilted her head and I smiled a bit."Yeah I would."We got to work and I noticed Edward giving me looks now and then.XXXTurns out by lunch I had the English to Slovak dictionary memorized. And the rumors about the family had me cursing in Slovak left and right."I heard Izzy is totally trying to bang the Cullen girls. I think I'm team Swan. That would be totally hot!" One boy said. I growled."Kurva perverzn kretni!" I muttered as I entered the cafe. I sat alone in the corner, hungry but not willing to wait in line. I would wait till it thinned out. I sat and scanned the room, seeing the groups one would hear of in a story of high school. Goths, Emo kids, cheerleaders, jocks. That kind of stuff. I sighed and pulled the brim of my hat down lower, focusing on my House of Night book. When I heard someone sit in front of me I tipped my hat back some to see a brunnette that screamed cheerleader sitting there grinning at me."Hi! I'm Jessica. I heard you were, like, new here. Why'd you move all the way from Arizona?""That's not really-""Are you dating anyone yet? Do you, like, think any guys are cute? I have this, like, crush on Mike. He's, like, a total dream boy."My eyebrow twitched and I growled lightly."Like, Oh my god, the Cullen's are looking at you!" I looked up to see the six Vampire's I had met were indeed looking over at me. I smiled and waved at them. They grinned and Alice gave me a wave. I noticed Rosalie was sitting close to another blonde. Her hair was straight and a paler blonde, with near white streaks in it. I figured this was Kate. Beside them was the last blonde, her hair curly and long, extending down her back. The books and movies never did Irina justice."Yeah they are. What's your point?""They're, like, totally gross. And they're all together! Emmett, the big guy, is with the red head Victoria. Edward is the sexy one, with bronze hair and he's with that skank Tanya." I felt a growl bubbling in my chest. "Jasper, the blonde guy who looks like he's in pain, is with that freak Alice. She's always zoning out and, like, is way too hyper. Oh and Rosalie and Kate are totally together. Isn't that discusting?! Ugh Dykes creep me out."I had had enough. I snarled and leaned forward. "Listen here you piece of shit. There is nothing wrong with them dating. Any of them. They aren't related. They're only living together. If they're parents don't mind, how is it any of your business to mind?! Emmett is a great guy with a big heart, and Tori is kind and hard working. Alice is nothing but nice and some people zone out. It's actually a sign of intellegence; something you don't seem to have. Jasper is a gentlemen and a great guy. And Tanya is no skank. She's loyal to Edward. I can tell. As for Rosalie and Kate, so what if they're gay?! Look at them! Look at how they look at each other. That's a level of devotion most heterosexual couples can't dream of. If you don't like homosexual people you better back the fuck away from me because you're talking to one."Her eyes were wide and I realized my voice had gradually raised, catching the attention of the whole room. "You're gay?!""I'm a lesbian, and I'm proud to be one. And don't think telling people with phase me. I planned to come out anyway." I grabbed my bag, intending to go to my class early. "And next time you start asking questions, especially ones inappropriate for someone you just met, at least let them answer one way or the other." I started walking away. "Bitch."The door slammed behind me and I sighed.Way to go, Izzy.
