Kay, you know who owns twilight and if you don't why the heck are reading this. I'm not a hero. Kay. Nor am I brave, vigilant, courage's or any other kind of heroic thing. I'm just a normal person. I'm probably that person in the book that is a passerby or that person that was gone for the day so you had to sit next to what would become your future. To put it simply I'm just plain ole me, nothing special. I wasn't adopted so you can rule out the chances of me being some kind of supernatural creature that I didn't know of and had come of age. I also don't have an abusive family so you can rule out tragedy, suspense, or hurt. I don't have any dirty or dark secrets so no I was not raped, and I do not know if mermaids, fairies or elves are real. I'm not bullied at school nor am I the popular of the popular. I don't have a stepmom or stepfather.To be honest there really is nothing wrong in my life so that is why I had to learn how to entertain myself. I learned how to make drama and use my imagination so I don't bore myself to death. I do that a lot though and soon that gets boring, so that's why I found a love for books. They take me to a place where I don't have to try to use my imagination or create my own drama it's already their ready for me to read. But recently I got sick of reading what other authors got to offer a decided that I want to write too. And I suck at it, horribly. See I have all the ideas ready go, ready to do something of myself and when it's just me, my computer and the blank screen you know what comes out?_. Exactly nada, zippo, nothing. That's all it comes to. I am in a writers rut or whatever you other people call it.Alright that's a lie I do start a story and think it's going good but then it starts to feel forced and I just can't commit to it anymore, so I quit. And then I read other stories to realize my story sucks and I really love that persons book and I have nothing going for me so I shut the book go get some ice-cream and sulk about life and that I'll probably being staying with my parents until forever with my 50 gazillion cats. After that I would laugh at myself at that because it's not possible to have that many cats. So then I'm all happy again and then I'm back to square one. And to be honest, square one sucks, but that's all I'm ever going to be, is square one, plain Jane, normal. Now don't go on pitying me, it's the truth and I don't feel any less confident. That's the thing too I'm not over confident nor am I under confident, my self-esteem has always stayed the same for me.My looks are pretty normal too except for my eyes which are a shockingly vibrant emerald green color. Father says it runs in the family but I'm still ceased to see another with green eyes the color like mine. Mother said it skip a generation, because she is always telling me how every time she looks in my eyes she sees great grandpa Fitz. I just roll my eyes at that. Otherwise I'm 5'7 with frizzy strawberry blond hair, high cheek bones and a long thin button nose with freckles dotting every place it can on my cheeks and nose. I had wide-as grandmother says, child bearing-hips but I'm not very busty, I'm thin wasted and I could eat like there was a bottom less pit inside of me and not gain a pound. So basically I look like a string bean but skinner because for some reason God decided that I don't deserve to have a rack like my mom and sister. I mean I'm barley a B cup while the other females in my life flaunt off what they got to offer. Okay so that's not true but still it sucks.If you already haven't guessed, I'm kinda the odd ball in my family. While my family would like to go out and go boating or to a movie I would like to stay home in the comfort of room with my books and my thoughts, that's the thing they think me being alone is making me depressed. My family however much they love and care for me and the same for I to them just don't understand that there is a difference from being alone and feeling alone. But sometimes when I look at my family from the sidelines I truly feel alone, and I know that's selfish of me to think because they try everything in their power to get me to stop being in my anti-social state. I want to be selfish though, I don't want to care, I don't want to be nice I just want to be selfish and mean and not give a damn about the world, I just can't though because its bread in all of us to care, to not be selfish ,and to be kind. Sometimes I just want to give up though. But I know I can't do that. Now I'm pretty sure that your done wanting to listen to me whine about life so I'll begin the story. It wasn't until the day after the 4th of July that things started to change for me. That changed my life forever.That fourth we went to my grandparents, like we did every July, we got to their farm two days earlier to help with the annual Masen picnic we have out on grandpas field under the spruce tree that was planted their by my great-grandpa Fredrick. So that's why right now I found myself going to the apple tree that was planted by once again great-grandpa Fredrick along with the peach, pair, and orange trees, there's also the berry bushes. The ladderor should I say rust bucket of wood, bolts, and nails, in which the wood is starting to mold over 'cause it's like over a hundred years old. My grandparents say it's the love ladder because that ladder has helped seal the deal of whom you were going to marry one day. I believe that's a bunch of bull shiz. I started to climb up "ole nuts and bolts". Even gave the ladder a nick name, see I love the old thing. It creaked under my red sneakers, I had to catch myself before I fell and broke my ankle, now that would be bad. I was up the whole ladder now; I started to reach for apples. It was rhythmic, kinda soothing actually. I was looking around the tree making sure that I got every apple from this tree, because God forbid if I didn't get all the possible fresh apples for ole great-grams apple pie recipe it would be the end, or at least in my grandmother's mind. I was just about satisfied when I saw the little bugger trying to hide away from me. It was glorious though, the cream of the crop, the chocolate to my chip, the cinnamon to my sugar, theI'm thinking you get the point.The only problem it was up high and far. It was kinda like the feeling of being a child and seeing the last cookie in the cookie jar. But this cookie was different because it was chocolate chip instead of raisin because your mother accidently mixed a chocolate chip cookie with the raisin ones, but the only problem was it was on the top shelf, and it sucks, a lot. I pondered over how I was going to maneuver the basket me, when I saw a branch out of the corner of my eye. I was just so brilliant some times. It was perfect though, sturdy and long, with no leaves, which was kind of peculiar though. I put the basket handle on the branch and then put myself on the top of the ladder, making the ladder wobble; I held my breath waiting for the impact, but thankfully I didn't. Wouldn't want to go to the ER on this fine day, I reached my hand out to grab it but it wasn't enough so I went to go on my tippy toes and grabbed it. Success.  In the middle of my celebration something caught my eye in the wheat fieldsa gray blurmaking me jump, thus making the ladder under me collapse, in turn making me fall. When I fell the landing was not particularly nice. I can assure you this it did not feel like you were landing on a feather bed and I was pretty sure my right leg didn't land the way it was supposed to. Let's just say my screaming could be heard from the sun.What happened next was not the best moment in my life. The branch that held the other apples snapped back from the force of my fall making the basket fall, straight towards me. The apple in my hand the whole time, and then everything went black.I woke up to the most annoying sound that mankind had to offer, a heart monitor. So what if they had to check my heart to make sure that I wasn't dead, I think I would know if I was dead. What does a girl around here have to do to get some sleep?My vision was blurry at first and then my eyes became focused and holy lord I think I just died and gone to heaven. In front of me was aa angel. No joke. The angel had blonde hair that curled around his ears, and his ears were as pale as the first frost during the winter as was the rest of his skin. His eye brows were a perfect line that curved making a permanent arch and just under those perfect heavenly eyebrows were the eyes. Good lord, I know I may be talking like your grandmother, but god those eyes could make the manliest man swoon. They were perfect pools of gold that had a black ring around them. His pupil was slightly dilated from the dim lighting in the room, around the golden orbs was a thick set long lashes that if you were close enough probably left a shadow. It was not only the eyes though, that would have every woman in the next 60 mile radius it was probably the smile he wore on his lips that shown his perfectly straight teeth. His smile looked wise and old, worn out but in a good way, like he was used to smiling and he loved it. He was so beautiful, so perfect, soso inhuman. Then his mouth started to move. I was entranced by the way his lips moved and then they stopped. I looked up in confusion as why the angels lips stopped talking and saw that he was looking at me expectantly, I blushed scarlet red when I realized he was talking to me so my oh so brilliant response to the angel was "Huh?"I then heard what was supposed to be a chuckling but came out to be like a symphony of low brass instruments all together playing a soft melody. By now my heart monitor should of ben going haywire but surprisingly it didn't."I asked how your how does your head feel?" The angel told me, his voice making my legs turn into jelly. Good thing I was already in a bed. I thought about it for a second and realized that my head was pounding, and only till now did I realize it. I wince at the pain. I looked up to see angel or as I'm starting to presume the doctor because of the white lab coat and the name plate he has pinned to his coat that says " " on it, grimace."Ah yes, well it seems that your head might hurt a bit, but that's what is to be expected after a fall like that. It should get better in a day or two. But I couldn't say the same for your leg. It seems when you fell you twisted it the wrong way and it snapped. It should be heeled in 3 to 4 months." He said looking at his clip board and then looked up at me. Okay I was all for being entranced and looking at for days, I mean have you looked at the guy. But 3-4 months are you freaking kidding me, I would like to have a life to live. I think my face showed how I feel because he just chuckled."I'll be back in a few hours to check on you and then speak to your parents about your release from the hospital for tommarow, right now I think some of you family would like to speak to you now that your awake." And just on queue a very determined Grandma Amanda came into the room with a very distraught nurse and my whole entourage aka my family flanking behind the said nurse. The stood still though when their eyes met the glorious body of ."I'm sorry , I tried to tell her she couldn't come in here until you were finished but it seems that Mrs. Mason heard Elizabeth speaking to you." The distraught nurse told ."That's quite alright Tim, I was just leaving any way." said, and then left the room with the nurse flanking him."Good lord, If I wasn't married with children and grandchildren I would so jump that." Exasperates Grandma Amanda, I almost choked on the nonexistent drink I was having in my mind. Then the most disgusting imagine dropped by in my mined of grandma "Jumping" on . Gag reflexes activate."Eww me-ma, that's just gross he's like 23." Matt my brother exclaimed."Still, though" Grandma said and then became really quiet, and I realized she had this glint in her eye. I was absolutely grossed out because I knew what that glint meant what she was thinking, and it's definitely not PG-13, if you're catching my drift here. I cleared my throat after the long silence making everybody's head snap towards me."Oh my god, baby are you alright." Mom said rushing toward me. She did not just say that, well of course I'm alright. It's not like I fell off a rust bucket of a ladder that is over a 100 years old, fracturing my leg and then a basket ofand may I say very heavyapples landed on me making me fall unconscious that landed me in the hospital. No mother I'm just peachy. I must have given her a look between a glare and disbelief because the next second she was apologizing about that."Sorry, stupid question" She said to me sheepishly to me."Daaaang, you even got it worst then me when I sprained my wrist last year trying to grab that peach for Aunt Nina's peach cobbler." Says Flynn, I glared at him. Of course he would make this about him why wouldn't he, he was the youngest. Mamas little boy, the apple to her eye. I just sighed and sat up straighter."Sweety, how are you feeling?" Nana aka you know what figure it out, God gave you a brain use it. Finally a logical question, I relished"My head kind of hurts, but doctor said that would go away in a few days but my leg is whole other matter." I inwardly flinch at the sound of my voice, I sound like a cat that was just drowned, and then ran over."Yeah the doctor mentioned that to us while you were still unconscious." She said, suddenly a question popped up in my mind."Hey, grandpa what's the date?" I wondered out loud. He looked at the newspaper that he had brought in with him that had the date on it and told me it from his spot in the corner of room in the rocking chair they had."It's the 3rd, why?" I sighed in relief, I didn't miss the picnic that would of sucked, especially with me getting that apple that made me fall. Then it hit me."Holy mic-shizzlez, I've been knocked out for two days?!" I exclaimed making the heart monitor go haywire, oh so now you decide to work.Suddenly my mother was next to me shushing me. "Calm down Lizzie, you're going to wake the rest of patients up." I glowered at her but calmed down."I've been asleep for two days." I whispered yelled at her again."Yes, we've been over this, Lizzie." Suddenly my head snapped to my sister Monica, who like always was on her stupid phone texting her boyfriend who lived back in this little rink a dink of a town in Washington close to where she studies in Seattle. I rolled my eyes and she just shrugged her shoulders and went back texting on her phone.After my little freak out with me being unconscious and mom saying it was perfectly normal to be out that many days and said it was kind of surprising that I wasn't out more  well thanks mom feelin' the love, we talked and spoke a little longer until came and said he needed to do a check up on me and then he needed some papers signed from my parents. After that we said good byes and that they would pick me up in the morning after my release because I needed to spend the night, so could make sure everything was fine with me.I curled up, or at least as much as you can with a cast wrapped around your leg, and breathed in deeply smelling the blankets. They had that hospital smell on them, germ-x and ascetic gloves. I then laid me head on the not-so comfy pillow, cursing at how uncomfortable it was. Then a funny thought crossed my mind, wonder if the apple made? I silently laughed at myself and then closed my eyes and swiftly fell asleep.So what do you think of it, it's just something that I came up with and wondered if I should keep on writing for it? Thanks and like all other author please review. If you don't know where that is it's the little box below that says review, no worries I was like that once, reading author notes that said review and I was like WTH? You cra-cra?! Any-noodles Review!
