What happens when Carlisle stops Alice from shopping for 48 hours? Disaster is sure to strike! sorry, I just had too :) I've come back to fanfiction after so long and my love for twilight has spiked again! how many twilight fans are still out there? I can't seem to find many new stories and they barely get any reviews! :( so sad.It was 8am on a bright, Wednesday morning. The birds were chirping outside the windows, the sun too strong for any of the Cullen's to venture too far into town.The children sat around the living room, watching the TV with only a small amount of curiosity. "What can we do?" Emmett whined, bored by the incessant silence.Edward, amused by his sibling's disarray sat at the computer, needlessly scrolling through websites in search of some medical knowledge. He was currently looking at myths from the 1800's  oh, how much medicine had malformed since then.When the clock hit 8:15am, Alice flew through the living room door and hovered next to Edward at the computer. When he failed to move, her teeth sank into his shoulder before knocking him off the chair with a force so brawny he went flying into the staircase. "EEEK!" Alice screamed, bouncing up and down in the seat as she swiftly typed on the keyboard.Edward fell back against the hard wood, the air stored in his lungs soaring out in inclusive astonishment. He shook his head back and forth, refusing to rise from the ground. Edward Cullen was never dazed at anything. Not when he was able to read the minds of those nearby. Eventually, Carlisle helped him to his feet and settled him on the couch. "Edward, are you well?""I am fine." Edward grumbled in sheer embarrassment, adjusting his clothes accordingly."Alice, darling." Jasper approached his wife with a small amount of ambiguity as though she were to bite his head off any second if he said the wrong thing. "What are you doing?""Buying!" The words flew out of her mouth so fast that any human listening wouldn't have been able to comprehend. "The summer sale just started and can you imagine what would have happened if I had missed even a second of it? I need to buy all these new clothes and there's some furniture on here that would look just beautiful. And I have found some things for Bella that she's going to absolutely hate but will need to put up with and"Edward stopped listening. Alice's thoughts were a tumbled mess, swirling around in a dizzying heap of excitement. There was no way that he could keep up. If he were human, he would have a headache.He pulled unnecessary breaths into his lungs in hopes to shake him of his shock. His back was tender from the blow but there would be no damage; his skin was just too hard. The only thing concerning however, was the bite mark at his shoulder. It was bubbling, red and seeping a clear, sweet smelling liquid. He felt sick at the site but knew venom would heal it easily. "This is getting out of hand."Rosalie, who'd been peering over Alice's shoulder for the last 5 minutes, nodded her head in agreement. "We've had deliveries at our door every single day because of everything she's buying. I have no room to even walk in my bedroom because of all the packages and she only just dragged us to a weekend shopping trip last week!" Rosalie loved shopping, Edward remarked, but even she had her limits.Alice's hand continued to furiously click the mouse and it seemed as though she was buying everything on the page.Esme looked over at her husband in apprehension; was their daughter's shopping addiction getting too far out of hand?"Alice." Carlisle called from his position next to Edward. When she didn't respond, he rose to his feet and approached her at the computer. "Alice." His voice was much sterner now, showing the authority he held over all the children as the coven leader."Carlisle, look at these boots here. They'd look awesome on you, and Oooo, look, they're 50% off! We just have to get those for-" Alice ignored her father as though he wasn't even there but she elbowed him from beside her slightly to get more access to the mouse.If Carlisle had been human, Edward appraised again, he would have been red in the face. "If you do not get off the computer within 5 seconds, Alice Cullen, I will need to remove you myself."Alice slowly turned her head towards Carlisle and everyone thought there had been a breakthrough, until a huge smile appeared on her face and she started bouncing once more. "Oh, and these ties! Yes, they'd look brilliant on you! Definitely...I-" Alice let out a startled sequel as Carlisle disappointedly wrapped his arms around her chest and pulled her easily from the chair.Kicking and screaming, he carried her flailing form towards the bottom of the staircase and sat her down between his two hands. "Alice." He called when she refused to look at him. "Look at me right now."Edward watched his sister with care, knowing the anger behind her mind. She lifted her chin to look at her father, fortitude in her face, not fear."You will sit on these steps until I figure out an appropriate punishment for you. You cannot keep going around ordering things as you please. I am conscious that you have the money to afford all this  that is beside the point. We do not have the room for such things and we do not need them. We are able of buying our own clothes and Esme can pick out some furniture if she feels she wants them. I do not welcome you carelessly spending so much in one sitting almost every single week. This has to stop. It crosses a line when you harm your family because of your addiction!" Carlisle took a deep breath in although no humans were present, almost as though he was well practiced.She dropped her hands in her laps, her eyebrows furrowing in dissatisfaction as she strung a band of curse words at Carlisle through her mind.Edward stifled a laugh. Alice was reminding him of a morose little toddler who had just been told off for sticking her hand in the cookie jar.Esme, who despised to see any of her children in harm or trouble, was staring down at the coffee table, chewing on her lip with such deliberation Edward almost felt sorry for her. He placed his hand on her leg, patting it gently to soothe her.She smiled at him. I'm okay, Edward. Carlisle will attend to your wounds soon.He nodded and turned his gaze to Carlisle who was pacing the vast living room with anger in his steps. "First we unplug the computer, the TV, the phone lines  anything where there is access to shopping." He decided.Alice's eyes widened and she stood up from the step in annoyance. "I am not four!" She yelled. "And you are not my father! I can shop as much as I can!" She took a daring step forwards and landed on the living room floor gracefully, her eyes sparking for confrontation.Carlisle was hurt when Alice said he wasn't her father, but he quickly composed himself and sat her back on the step. "I am your coven leader at best." He told her. "And this addiction is unhealthy. For 48, you will be doing no shopping. You will not leave the house unless chaperoned by a member of the family. You will not think about shopping, you will not talk about shopping, you will not even breathe about shopping."Alice's lips began trembling and Edward knew soon enough she would be crying. He turned away from her, already knowing what was coming.Hot venom tears pooled down Alice's face as she dove on Carlisle and tried urgently to curl in his cold arms. "No! Please! You are my daddy! Please, daddy, don't take shopping away from me! I must shop! I promise I won't do it so much but I must shop! Oh, no, please!""No." Carlisle said minimally. His thoughts were breaking him, Edward noted. He was thinking about giving in."Alice deserves this." Edward told him softly, not at all feeling bad about. Alice needed to let go of her unhealthy addiction before it ruined things.Carlisle nodded; face collected as he separated his daughter from his chest and set her on the ground. "Express regret to your brother for attacking him. You should never have done that. We do not use violence against each other, and we undoubtedly do not bite!"Alice's eyes widened, her thoughts rushing up in an alarm. She had forgotten that she had bit her brother. "Oh, no!" She screeched, running to Edward and tearing up again at the site of her bite mark. "I am so sorry! I can't remember doing that. Oh, Edward, please forgive me."Edward wrapped his arms around his sister, wary of the pain it caused him, and cradled her head gently for a second. "Its okay, Alice. Just please listen to Carlisle. If you follow along, maybe we can prevent this happening again."She nodded, happy with the decision. But later on, when the entire family had disabled all access to shopping imaginable, Alice broke down in her husband's arms and wailed the rest of the day.Her screams were agonizing.This isn't a one shot so if I get enough reviews, I will update :) If not, I'll just leave the story here or take it offline. I just thought it was fun to try. Review if your a twilight fan and still here - I want to see how many people are still on fanfiction! :)
