Chapter 1Two centuries. A long time by human standards. Fickle in the world of the supernatural. Two centuries ago, in a small town called Forks, a young, naive girl fell for a self-loathing century old vampire. Their relationship doomed from the start.Her human life ended the moment he spoke to her in that school laboratory, even if neither realized it at the time. Through his actions, by abandoning her with knowledge of a world she had no business in, Isabella Swan's days as a human were numbered.The day she realized that her life was unimportant enough for him to throw away by abandoning her, knowing that a vengeful vampire would be out for her blood, was the day Isabella decided to take matters into her own fragile and thin hands. She vowed to grasp what was left of her life by the balls and squeeze.Her reprise came in the form of the one who hunted her. A red haired vampire with a taste for games. However, Isabella would have never guessed that by coming after her, Victoria would come in direct contact with her father, Charlie Swan.The impossible happened one evening, when Charlie told Bella of a woman he met and that he wanted the three of them to go out for dinner.A year and a half later, Charlie proposed to Victoria. Another year later, he joined her in immortality. By then Bella was in College, along with three of Victoria's vampire 'kids'. Fred, Bree and Riley. Bree, a small but feisty vampire had both males on a short leash and with her uncanny control of thirst she culled theirs as well.Charlie didn't oppose to their choice of diet, as long as they stuck to ridding the world of evil humans. He relished in his vampire life. Taking to it at an unnatural rate. He was the first newborn that could walk into a blood drive and draw blood from a human without going into a frenzy..Bella met him in college. Daniel McGregor. There love was instantaneous or awe inspiring. It was perfect, calm and a lot of times proved to be humorous for Bella's vampire family.They met through Bella's lab partner, Maurice, who at the time had taken Bella on a date. The night ended with Bella and Daniel escaping the party Maurice had taken them to and taken the long way home.A few months later Daniel chalked up the courage to ask her out. She declined him, stating she had family matters to deal with and that she couldn't commit to something when she was only a few months closer to getting out of college and moving.Daniel didn't give up and Bella finally agreed, through Bree's persuasions. Their first date was the night that sealed the deal for the pair.On their way towards Daniel's car, they were attacked by a group of masked men, who pulled them into the nearby forest.Daniel fought his captors off the best he could and managed to free Bella from hers. Screaming at her to run, he tackled another and was almost shot.Riley and Fred, the secret chaperones, appeared out of nowhere and didn't hesitate to kill the men.It was the night Daniel was told of Bella's vampire family. He didn't speak to her for a week, trying to process the information.Bella found him waiting outside her classroom one afternoon."I don't care. It beats going back to Wyoming.".Two centuries later and the Swan Coven were back in the town where it all started.Throughout those centuries they'd proven to be a formidable alliance. Gaining favour with the Volturi by providing an alternative to hunting through Blood Concentrates. A simple red pill, equivalent to the blood of five humans, created by Fred Swan and Isabella McGregor.Riley was a political powerhouse and offered his advisory services to the kings. Aro would have preferred Isabella or her father. Having shields in his guards would solidify the Volturi's place in the vampire world for millennia to come.However, trying to force the coven to surrender their darlings proved to be...uneducated on his part. Jane's head landing on his lap was proof of that.Charlie Swan's, leader of the coven, angry glare also made him reconsider an attempt to get the shields.For a decade, the Swan coven stayed with the Volturi, cultivating both their powers and influences. The Swans stayed in the dark but reaped the benefits.Their secrecy was for good reason. The Cullens. Unbeknownst to the 'vegetarian' coven, they were marked criminals of the vampire world. Their associates also labelled with the same label, until they proved themselves loyal to the vampire race.Exposing themselves to a human was the ultimate crime. Was being the operative word. Riley managed to convince the Kings that their laws needed revision. They agreed not realizing that they were being manipulated from the shadows.Daniel. The only known Ultimate telepath of the vampire world. He was the Professor X of vampires. His subtle probing of the kings thoughts went unnoticed and remained that way. Of course his power never worked on Charlie, Bella or Fred.It came in handy when they came across a Cullen Associate, an Irish vampire by the name of Liam. Manipulating their memories was child's play.The Swans had contemplated going after the Cullens and ending them but decided it was too troublesome and they preferred to build their resources rather than hunt the fools.One of those resources was the town of Forks. Charlie had always wanted to revisit the place he grew up and fell in love with his mate. But Bella refused to set foot in the town until the Black line had died out.Charlie agreed. Billy Black, his friend for many years had written him off as a traitor when he introduced Victoria (red eyes and all) to him. Jacob had been present for the meeting and phased, attempting to kill Victoria only to be shot but not only Charlie but Bella as well.Charlie had suspected something of that sort would happen, it was the reason he allowed the meeting to happen in the forest, where he'd planned a picnic.The war between the Swans and Blacks began on that day. The Swans were banned from entering La Push. Charlie flipped them off every opportunity he got. He sent Billy an invitation to his wedding and a picture of him and Victoria in Aruba for their honeymoon. Victoria was clad in a tiny bikini, sparkling her ass off. Charlie stood behind her with his arms around her stomach and a broad grin on his moustache-less face.Under pseudonyms and aliases, The Swan vampires singlehandedly modernized the town, making it one of the most peaceful and modernized metropolis in the twenty third century USA.The town quadrupled in size. Skyscrapers littered the landscape. Natural parks were scattered throughout. It was the greenest city in Washington state, with Wind turbines covering one side of a mountain and miles long animal reserves.The University of Forks was founded a hundred and twelve years ago and would be adding another wing to the library as well as an extension to the Sports Centre on campus. The University was 'said' to have been founded by the infamous Swan Siblings. Danielle and Jayden Swan, great-grandchildren of Charlie and Victoria Swan.The story was that the man and his family had moved so his daughter could attend college at Washington State. During that time he and his wife had a son, Fred, whose children set about founding the University with help from anonymous donations from an organization in Italy.Bree and Riley had posed as Danielle and Jayden, and with Daniel pulling the strings in the shadows they succeeded.Now the direct descendants of Jayden Swan were returning to Forks to cut ribbons and smile at cameras in respect to their ancestors. 'Named' after ancestors long dead, Charles and Isabelle Swan were set to be the most famous people on Forks upon their arrivals.."Are vampires supposed to feel this itchy?" Bree complained from her seat in the limo.Fred replied, but kept his eyes plastered to his holographic tablet, "It's the anti-sparkle cream. You'll adjust to it in a few minutes.""I don't like it." Bree grumbled and folded her arms in front of her like a spoilt child."You're the one who decided to not use it before now. I like sparkling." Bella mocked with a chuckle.Charlie continued to stare out the tinted windows, watching the passing buildings, "Bree, I understand you're getting into your bratty rich kid persona, but for all our sakes, save it for the cameras."Victoria chuckled beside him, "It don't think that's the advice you should give her. We're supposed to look refined and cultured. Not like snotty rich bastards with nasty children."Bree growled, "I wasn't to one who decided I needed to act as the child of Charles and Gwen Swan! I hate it when I'm stuck in this role.""Not enough privileges, eh?" Fred teased his mate, finally putting away his tablet and looking at her.Daniel's voice was heard from the driver's seat, "Be thankful you weren't landed the role of bodyguard!"Bella grinned impishly as she replied, "Oh don't fret darling. We'll be plastered on the pages of their gossip sites soon enough. 'Estate heiress in romantic relations with bodyguard'. These people crave gossip. We'll give them that.""That's not helping Bella." Daniel argued from behind the separation glass."Hmm, I know." She agreed.Charlie rolled his eyes. Over the years his relationship with his daughter had mellowed into something similar to sibling or sire protectiveness. He would always be a father to her if she needed one, but had come to the realization long ago that vampires didn't need parents. Guidance, yes. But parents for an eternity wasn't something a mature independent vampire wanted or needed.That was the way the Swan Coven functioned. They were a family but would go off on their own from time to time. This would be the first time in five years that they'd assembled and planned to stay together for a decade without a vacation from the family life. The longest they're spent together was the first three decades of their initial formation. That was without counting their stay in Italy."We're here. Put on those plastic smiles people." Riley called out from the front passenger seat.They could hear the assembled crowd outside. The smell of humans emitted the air, as always. Years of using blood concentrates and hunting every few months had dulled the allure of human blood.Another smell caught their attention, making several of them cuss or hiss."Who do you think it is?" Bree asked uneasily. She'd always been uneasy around other vampires besides her vampily.Fred clucked his tongue and glanced at Charlie, "It appears my assumption was correct."Charlie nodded with a hard expression. He looked towards Bella who glared at him."I told you. Now I have to restrain myself. Thanks, brother." She hissed at him.Charlie cringed but held his head high, "We have to deal with this. We've waited long enough.""So the scent inhibitors you told us to use..." Bree whispered, her expression wide eyed and fidgety.Charlie nodded, "Contacts in. Smiles on. Act your parts and we'll be good."Riley opened the door to let them out, just as they put in their vampire-friendly contacts. Another of Fred's inventions.Bella put in her olive green contacts seconds before exiting the car. She gritted her teeth at the flashes of cameras and the noise of the crowd in front of the new shiny sports centre.Daniel moved to stand two feet behind her. Riley was also acting as a bodyguard, he took the front of the formation. Charlie and Victoria stood behind him, waving happily and smiling at the spectators. Bree and Fred stood behind them, looking the part of uninterested teenagers. Bella stood behind him, a sour expression on her face.Daniel casually placed his hand on the small of her back and lightly pushed her forward, he whispered, "It's going to be fine."She glanced at him, smiled and nodded. She walked slowly behind her vampily, smiling when necessary but not putting much effort in it.She smelt them before she saw them. They were closer to the entrance to the Centre. Her eyes glazed over them like they were faces in a crowd. She saw them stiffen upon seeing her. But remained calm and didn't lunge towards them to attack.Instead she kept her eyes moving over the crowd, smiling at the kids she saw in the crowd before she turned to stare at the back of Bree's head.Bree, sensing an opportunity to confuse the fuck out of the Veggies, fell back to walk beside Bella."Ugh! This is so fucking boring. Did I really have to come to this, Auntie Belle?"Bella grinned at her and shook her head, "No. But you wouldn't have gotten that trip to The Bahamas you wanted for your birthday."Bree glared at her, "It's not like I was asking for much! Just a week for my friends and I...""Ten teenagers in a foreign country with no supervision. Hmmm...It's a wonder my brother didn't agree to that!""But you would have been with us. And you and Dan would have gotten some much needed fuck time."Bella glared at her, inwardly laughing, "Bree, do yourself a favour and shut up."Bree rolled her eyes characteristically and giggled before hurrying behind her 'parents'.Bella glanced at Daniel who was fighting back a smile and glared before walking faster as well.The ribbon was cut and they gathered in the lobby before going through with the pretence of listening to their tour guide. An excitable student who eyed Fred with hungry eyes.Bree fought back a growl and whispered to Bella, "Can't I? Please?"Bella chuckled, knowing exactly what she was asking for, "No. Behave."The Swans settled into their VIP seats in the indoor stadium and enjoyed the entertainment the humans put on. Cheerleaders preformed death defying acts of gymnastics and dance. There were short matches in Basketball, Volleyball and indoor tennis.The Swans were amongst the crowd cheering and applauding at the performance.They were being watched by more than just the press. And they were aware of this..They stared at the group, utterly confused. Swan. That name alone was enough to set them on edge. When they planned to move back to Forks after hearing of how the town had changed, and then the news of the University reached their ears, their decision was made.It wasn't until they arrived in the town a month ago did they realize the change was more than they'd thought possible. For the past two centuries, the Cullen's had made it a mission to stay away from the state of Washington. They didn't stay up to date with the area and pretended they'd never heard of the town called Forks.Then they got here and at every corner of the town the name they'd shied away from was there. Swan.The Swan family was the reason the town was such a utopia settled in greenery.It was almost the last straw for Edward, who demanded they leave the town. Especially when they dug up as much information they could about the infamous Swans and came up almost empty handed.The most they found of the girl they once knew was news of her father remarrying and fathering a son. She graduated college and married, her husband's name unmentioned, and the pair moved to Texas.Then the news of another pair of Swan siblings heading to Forks reached their ears. The Siblings had sponsored a few improvements on the University and would be arriving to see where their money was going.The Cullens had to see them. It helped that they were all registered as students at UF. Even Carlisle and Esme, who saw it as a way to support what was left of Bella. Even if it was just through the work of her grand-niece and nephew.The day came when the Next Generation of Swans would arrive. And they did in style. Their limo was one of the most exclusive hovertech vehicle. They had a police escort and it seemed like the entire town had showed up to greet them.The mayor of the town was standing by the entrance awaiting the group.Then they stepped out of the limo and the Cullens felt a sense of unease settle over them.The man was tall, muscular and handsome. His dark locks curled on top his head and his twinkling green eyes were warm but disciplined. Charles Swan. He had a striking resemblance to his name sake.The woman beside him was younger, beautiful and had a dangerous air around her. Her face made them do a double take. Then there was her hair. Long dark red hair fell to her back, straight as wire. Her dark brown eyes was calculating, looking at everyone like they were the enemy. Gwen Swan, wife of Charles.As they walked towards the entrance, two others exited the limo. A tall blonde man, muscular and with an expression of disinterest. His blue eyes looked towards the darkened sky. Fredrick Samuels, advisor to Charles Swan.The girl was no older than eighteen and looked, simply put, bored. Her long brown hair was pulled in a neat ponytail and bangs fell in her face almost covering her brown eyes. Bree Swan, child of Charles and Gwen Swan.The last to exit the car was the infamous sister of Charles, Isabelle Swan. The bodyguard they couldn't name blocked their view of her as she exited.But as he moved to stand behind her and her family began to approach the exit, the Cullens went stiff."Bella..." Alice gasped, her wide yellow eyes staring at the girl.They watched as she glanced at the crowd with bored eyes and seemed somewhat annoyed at being there.The bodyguard placed a hand on her back and whispered encouraging words. The smile she gave him caused The Cullens to simultaneously glance at Edward. He was staring at her with an empty expression. His eyes flashed with something dangerous when the girl, Bree, implied that there was a relationship between the beauty and her body guard.It wasn't until the Swans passed them in the crowd did they realize that something was off."No scent." Jasper supplied, his eyes narrowed at the group."I can't see them..." Alice muttered a bit angrily."It's not Bella." Rosalie spoke first, as they exited the centre after the welcome ceremony for the Swans."Rose, of course it is. She looks exactly like" Emmett argued.Rose cut him off crossly, "I can find several things that are different from Isabelle Swan and Bella. Her eyes for one.""Contacts aren't hard to come by for vampires." Carlisle supplied, his eyes remained on Edward as the mind reader stayed silent."Vampire?" Rosalie scoffed, "No scents, no pallid complexions and their eyes look as natural as they come.""Don't you find it odd, their resemblances to Charlie and Bella?" Jasper asked his sister. He was agreeing more with her theory but was still cautious."But, wouldn't she try to find us if she was a vampire?" Alice asked in a small voice."No, she wouldn't. We abandoned her. She may have been an idiot to fall for Edward's 'charm' but she wasn't that stupid." Rosalie said harshly as she got into the car and waited for Emmett to get in.The first evidence of life in Edward was when he growled at her.Rosalie scoffed and rolled her eyes, "Emmett, get in. We have things to do."Emmett sighed and did as he was told. The remaining Cullens watched her drive off."What are we going to do Carlisle?" Esme asked quietly.Carlisle's lips thinned, he glanced over hi shoulders and saw the Swans enter their limo and drive off."We investigate.".."Can we kill them now?" Bella asks impatiently as she paced the living room of their penthouse.Daniel glanced at her and shook his head before going back to watching the old school anime.Bella cussed and pouted. She sauntered over to the sofa and straddled him, "Please baby?"Daniel sighed and shut off the TV before turning his attention to his mate.He growled when she grinded her hips into his and giggled."Playing with fire darling." He warned lightly, one hand caressed her neck and the other moved under her shirt.She gripped his fringe and leaned in to nibble at his lips, drawing out another growl, "Always."Daniel chuckled when she moved her nibbles to his neck, "Okay my little pyromaniac. Why don't you tell me why you want to kill them?"Bella continued her nibbles until she reached his bare chest and licked his pecs."Belle?""Hmm?" She replied as she bit one of his nipples hard.He hissed and tugged her shoulder length hair, "Quit trying to distract me."She giggled and sat up straight, "Fine. They annoy me. They're already trying to dig up information on me and it's only been two days. I caught their scents when we were out last night starting some rumours."Daniel gasped dramatically, "They were in a night club? The way you described them I imagined puritans!"She smacked him behind head, "They ruined my buzz.""You're a vampire sweetheart, you don't get buzzed.""I do when I'm with you." She whispered playfully."You're insatiable! We have to meet the others in the park in ten minutes."She mumbled into his neck, "Are you denying me sex?""No, I'm telling you we have to hurry.".Fifteen minutes later they walked into the park, donned in exercise clothes, and found Charlie, Victoria, Bree and Riley awaiting them."Can't believe you're making us jog." Bella groaned irritably to Charlie. He grinned and patted her head."Got to stay healthy Belle."She slapped his hand away lightly, "Where's Fred?""Something came up that he had to deal with." Charlie said cryptically."Should I expect paps during my run?"Bree chirped in giddily, "I hope so!"A glare from the 'adults' silenced her..They kept a human pace as they ran one of the trails. Their human tails were outrun a while ago. Nevertheless they kept their human pace. With vampire eyes on them already, acting human just to confuse the Cullen spies was the most exciting thing they could do on their vampily jog.Riley and Bree stuck to the front of their formation with Charlie and Victoria behind them and Bella and Daniel bringing up the rear."Maybe we can try cycling next." Charlie commented, smiling as he heard the collective groans of his clan."You aren't serious?!" Bree proclaimed as she turned to jog backwards and glare at him.Charlie chuckled, it sounded a bit on the maniacal side, "Of course I am. We are public figures. That means we have to be seen by the public.""But...There will be galas and parties and shit for that!" Bree grumbled as she stopped suddenly. That caused the entire group to stop.Their farce was set. Now they just needed their vampire tails to show themselves. They've acted and appeared human enough to confuse them, now they were curious on the Cullens' tactic to approach."Language," Victoria reprimanded. She took the role of mother too seriously in Bree's opinion. "Those aren't public gatherings darling. Those are for the elite. We must do more for the citizens of Forks so they like us.""Why?" Bella scoffed with a roll of her eyes, "They'll love us no matter what.""Enough with the arrogance. We can't let our money speak for us. It will aid, yes. But, we most become a part of the community." Charlie explained in a diplomatic tone."It sounds like you plan on running for mayor or something..." Bree grumbled irritably.Charlie laughed, "Nothing of the sort. But we owe it to our ancestors to make Forks a better community.""Gah! It's already a fucking Utopia! What more does it need?" Bella huffed and starting stretching, just out of boredom."A weather machine for sure. All these gloomy clouds irritate me." Victoria muttered, finding more interest in her nails than the conversation.Charlie pecked her on the cheek in comfort, "Eventually dear. The proposal has been handed to the Mayor. We're to meet him in the coming weeks. Hopefully by the end of Bree's first semester at UF, we'll accomplish that goal."Bree stiffened, "I have to go to College? I thought I was taking a year off!"Bella, Daniel and Riley busted into laughter."You can choose to attend or do online courses. Those are your only options." Victoria said with a wink and smirk.They heard the shallow footsteps approaching from the direction they were running in, but chose to ignore it.Bella paused in her stretching to glance at the approaching vampires.They were jogging, acting human enough. However, their clothes were questionable. Humans don't jog in jeans, designer shoes and t-shirts.She wanted to roll her eyes. Were they that desperate to solve the mystery of the Swans?Daniel caught her eyes and smirked. He approached her and put his hand on her back while she was bending over, "Need any help?"With a grin she nodded and straightened up. Just as the Cullens got closer and stopped to have a chat with the jogging family, she lifted one leg and placed it on Daniel's shoulder.He held her knee to keep it straight, not that he needed to, and smiled down at her. Bella kept her eyes on him, a small smile gracing her lips.'This is going to be fun' She chuckled mentally.She heard Charlie out on his 'friendly neighbour' voice to greet the 'strangers'."Hello. Out for a run? I do love when friends take the time to enjoy nature. Don't you agree, honey?" He put his arm around Victoria's waist. She didn't smile. She merely nodded and stared haughtily at them.The Cullens stayed silent for a while. Carlisle finally stepped forward and stuck his hand out for a shake, "Yes we are. I'm Carlisle and this is my family. Esme, Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, Alice and Edward."Charlie nodded but didn't take his hand, "Such...lovely names. Very...""Vintage." Bree giggled, earning a glare from Victoria.Charlie grinned at Carlisle, who'd dropped his hand and stepped back to stand by his mate."I'm Charles. But I'm sure you know this. This is my wife Gwen, our daughter Bree, my sister Isabelle and our friends Riley and Daniel."All their gazes stayed on Bella, who just nodded towards them and went back to stretching, with Daniel's aid."Bella, such a beautiful name..." Esme smiled warmly, still staring at Bella.Bella raised a single eyebrow at her and said in a flat tone, "It's Isabelle," she returned her attention to Charlie, "Dan and I are going to carry on. Call him if you need either of us."Without another word, she and Dan continued on their way, ignoring the looks the Cullens were giving them."It was a pleasure meeting you all. Enjoy the rest of your day." With those words, The Swan Coven left the Cullens standing in the middle of the trail, silent and even more confused."It's her!" Edward growled, "She acted like-""It's not her." Rosalie said with a roll of her eyes, "This is pointless. I'm going home.""Rose, the resemblance is tooextreme. That is Bella and Charlie." Carlisle said in a low voice."So what if it was?! She's obviously not interested in rekindling old friendships! And they aren't vampires. So..." Rosalie argued.Jasper spoke, "How sure of that are you? Because last I heard, Victoria was a vampire."His statement caused all of them to stiffen and stare at him...I'll only say this once. Bella will NOT be with Edward in this story. Also, this is a rewrite (gutted) version of my past story 'Dust of Love'. Such a fucking clich namesighHopefully, it isn't another one of those 'Eddie Leaves and returns to find vampire Bella. They fight they make up and a 'threat' appears for them to vanquish. Warning: This is not for Edward, or Cullen, Lovers for that matter. I'll try to stay true to canon, butThanks for reading.
