11:59 2014-07-28chapter 1:I woke to my special day to a knock on my door "Come on sweetie. Get your butt out of bed!" My mother, Bella, said through the door. "You've got a big day ahead of you." I sat up and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and smiled to myself [My sixteenth birthday! Finally!] Even though it had only been five years after my birth I look like a sixteen year old and I try really hard tact like one. Its hard though because I'm homeschooled and don't have any friends my age except Jacob and the pack, but they're all at least 21 and past this stage of their lives even though they still looks like a sixteen year old.I quickly shower and get dressed in a tight fitting blood red dress that comes to an inch above my thigh and matching high heeled boots. When Alice gets here I will let her accessorize me. I'm already stretching the limit by dressing myself on this special occasion and if I don't let her pick out at least part of my ensemble then shell throw a hissy fit. But, thankfully, I didn't inherit my mothers fashion sense so Alice should approve of my choice of clothing.I walked downstairs and asked my mom "So how do I look?"My mother looked up from the stove and for a minute I thought she was going to cry, well as much as vampires can cry, from the look on her face but a second later it was gone, replaced by a bright smile. She flashed over to me and gave me a hug. "Oh, honey you look amazing!"My dad looked up from the newspaper he was reading and his jaw dropped open. I almost laughed because he looked constipated, but I held in the giggles. "You're going to wear...that? He choked out after a minute.I looked over at my mother and rolled my eyes. Of course HE would say that, the overprotective out-of-date, old man. I mean seriously he's REALLY old. Who else has a dad who is over 100 at sixteen? Ill tell you who...no one! Mom just smiled back and sat me down at the table and set down a plate of food in front of me. Then she went over to the couch and led my dad to their room to comfort him, I think. I inwardly shuddered at the thought and dug into my food.Halfway through my special birthday breakfast of chocolate chip pancakes and eggs Alice walks into the cottage and spies my outfit. "oohh" She says grinning and motions with her hands for me to get up and turn so she can see everything. "Good choice! I was actually thinking about putting you in that last night. Great people with great fashion sense think alike I guess."I smiled back and asked what I knew she wanted to hear. "Can you do my jewelry,my nails,my hair and my makeup for me?"Alice clapped her hands and squealed in delight. "I thought you'd never ask. Of course I will. You sit and eat while I work, just hold on a sec." She brought out her cellphone and I saw her fingers fly over the screen for half a second, probably to ask Rose to come help, and then it was gone from her hand replaced by a hairbrush.By the time I was done eating Alice had already untangled my hair and pulled it into an intricate and sophisticated bun and picked out a red flower clip to go in my hair and a ruby red ring to match my outfit. She had also brought down the locket from my mom and the bracelet Jake had made for me a few years ago. Rose, who had arrived a few minutes ago, had started on my makeup, though I didn't need much. She just applied bright red lipstick, red eye shadow and a little blush seeing as I was half human I had a little color in my cheeks and I liked to show it. Alice had already finished on my nails when Rose had finished with my makeup. They stepped back to admire their work and then rushed me to a mirror. I had to admit I looked pretty good and grown up.I looked back at my aunts grinning and threw my arms around them "I love how I look! Thank you, thank you, thank you!""Of course, I would do anything for my favorite niece!" Alice replied."I'm your only niece.""Exactly!" Alice said hugging me again. "Were going to the big house, you coming?""Yes in a minute, you guys head on without me I'll meet you there." I said, kissing them both on the cheek. They both smiled and a sixteenth of a second later they were gone, the door slowly closing the only indication of their leaving. I quickly washed my dishes, grabbed my red purse from my room placing my phone and 500 dollars in my bag. Before I went out the door I paused and said in a normal voice "I'm going to the big house, see you there." Knowing they could hear me. Then I walked out the door and sped of to the big house.
