Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight seriesChapter 1To be completely honest, I was surprised to find an invitation to the holy matrimony of Isabella Swan and Edward Cullen sitting in my mailbox. I've never even formally met Edward before. There was a time where Bella needed some help, and Edward thanked me, but it was a very brief, fleeting moment where we actually spoke. A month or so later Bella saw me again with her dad, Chief Swan, and we spoke for a few moments. I guess that was enough to get me an invite.It was an interesting situation actually.This past April, Bella had come into the camp goods store that I worked at and asked me about fishing hooks and different kinds of bait. She said that she was on an errand for her father, and I gladly brought her over to the hook and bait section of the store. She kept asking questions like "How do you know which bait to use on which hook?" and "Does it matter what kind of hook you use on your rod?" and I answered her questions thoroughly not once leaving any information out. She touched a fishing hook with her forefinger and thumb, and held on too tightly which resulted in a heavily bleeding cut."I-I" she mumbled her eyes gazing at the blood running down her pointer finger."Oh my! I'm so sorry," I told her."Shh" she told me, "Wait a second""No, no, please, come with me," I said grabbing her other hand and leading her to the front desk."What's your name?" I asked nearly dragging her."Bella Swan," she answered with a huff.I quickly brought her behind the main counter and took out the First Aid kit that the manager hides in the bottom drawer next to the register. Gently, I cleaned the small cut and gave her a Scooby Doo band aid.When I was done, I looked up and saw a beautiful man with pale skin standing behind the girl his hand delicately placed on her shoulder. He stared at the band aid on Bella's finger with a grimace. He seemed unhappy with the slight imperfection."All done!" I turn to her with a smile. "When you're finished up getting what you need, come up here, I wanna give you a special coupon for the trouble that silly hook caused you."At this, her eyes softened, but the beautiful man behind her spoke, "Thank you so much for what you did for Bella here," at this he looked at the girl whom he obviously loved so dearly, "I owe you a debt," he finished and left the store with Bella in tow.Just before the door closed behind them Bella turned to me and asked, "What's your name?""Beth! Beth Bennett!"It was odd for me, that after that one small thing that I would be invited. Perhaps this is Edward repaying the debt that he owed to me. Even though I would hardly think he owed me anything. It was just a normal, nice thing that I did.So right now, I find myself sitting in a glorious backyard, behind a glorious house, watching a glorious couple share their first dance. It was all too sweet, as anyone could have guessed. Alice, a short young woman who reminded me of a fairy, the maid of honor, pulled Bella aside after the short dance and whispered something in her ear. Bella's eyes light up and she quickly dashes out the back door, albeit tripping once or twice.I inwardly shrug and continue nursing my nearly empty glass of champagne. It was great to be invited, but I don't know anyone here. I look around the room for about the eighteenth time tonight hoping to find a friendly face. And this time I find one.I smile gratefully, and make my way over."Elizabeth, what a pleasant surprise." says the chief of the Quilete tribe in the next town over, La Push. I cringe at my full name. He only just learned it last week and he insists on"William, I'm so glad to see you." I tell him, and he also cringes at the sound of his first name.Billy Black is a regular at the store, as is his friend Chief Swan. When I first started working there in February, he only came once a month, but as we started making conversation, he now shows up every other week. It's really great, especially since he sometimes brings cookies. He claims that he makes them himself but there's a gleam in his eye that tells me otherwise."You know Bella?" he asks me."Yes, I met her twice.""You're a friend of the Cullens then?" disbelief laces through his voice and it intrigues me."I've only met Edward once." I say, "as a matter of fact, Billy, I haven't seen or spoken to them that much and yet I still received an invitation. I hardly even consider myself friends with the two, but I still got an invite.""The Cullens are a strange people," he says, "I suggest after this night you stay away from them."What?Edward and his family seemed nice enough. They are a little eccentric, even I will admit to that, but nothing about them makes me feel unsafe to the point where I can't stand to be near them. Maybe Billy suffered through a rough patch with that family and they aren't friends anymore.Billy stares at me with a different kind of gleam in his eyes, and I know he knows exactly what I'm thinking. He changes the subject, "Come. I want you to meet someone.""Seth," He calls out.At hearing his name, a tall, relatively lanky young man looks over at us. He has spiky hair that is growing out, brown eyes and dark skin. He smiles wide with white teeth."I'm Seth Clearwater," he says kindly."Beth Bennett."His skin around his eyes crinkles as he lets out a loud laugh, "Wow, our names rhyme!"He continues laughing, and it's so contagious I just laugh with him.We keep laughing for a long time, and I knew I liked this kid. He appeared to be older, but his thin stature lead me to believe that he was a lot younger."How old are you anyway, Seth Clearwater?" I ask, challenging him."Who wants to know?" he smirks, leaning in close."Why me of course.""I'm 16 years old.""No way.""I don't kid.""Hard to believe since you still are a kid.""Oh yeah?" now he challenges me, "well, how old are you?""Seventeen.""Well, when did you turn seventeen?"When he asks this I blush and he notices, "Is that a blush on your face? I think we're going somewhere. Now enlighten me: when is your birthday?""August seventh." I say reluctantly. It's the 13th of August."Ha! Just last week. I've got you there. You're still a kid too."We have another laughing fit, but he stops suddenly. His eyes leave my face and turn to watch he door that Bella had escaped from earlier, and then looks at Billy who nods solemnly."Seth? Are you alright?" I ask."Yeah, I'm fine. I've got to go though. It was nice meeting you Beth." He smiles at me."It was nice meeting you too, Seth."We share another laugh at the sound of our names and he quickly strides off, out the same door as Bella.I look to Billy who must have been watching mine and Seth's interaction, "He was very nice. I like him."He smiles, "I'm glad."I pull up a chair next to his mobile one, and we continue in conversation picking up where we had left off before he introduced me to Seth.I really like Billy Black, he was an insufferable old man sometimes, but he really had a way of warming my heart with his words of advice. I knew he had a son and two daughters as he mentioned them briefly, but when he did mention them, his eyes soften and fill with emotions that only a father can feel. I can tell he loves them dearly. Our conversation settles into comfortable silence.After a while he says, "Elizabeth, I've been thinking.""That's never good," I joke.He rolls his eyes but ignores my comment, "I want you to come over my house tomorrow and watch me bake cookies."I look at him closely, and he senses my confusion."Don't give me that look. I know you don't believe that I make them myself."I laugh and agree to go over tomorrow.Billy smiles, but it falters at a sight behind me."Mr. Black, I'm grateful that you were able to attend this evening." came a sickly sweet voice.I turn and it was Edward Cullen."Yes, thank you. I came on behalf of my good friend Charlie. Perhaps you know him?"My head turns sharply to look at Billy. I was under the impression that he came for Bella, weren't they close? Is he trying to insult Edward? If he is, why?Edward just gives him a small smile and looks gracefully sheepish at his probably very expensive shoes. He ignores Billy's comment, and turns to me."Beth Bennett," he says."Hey, Edward," I reply, "It was a lovely ceremony.""Thank you. May I have a quick word?" his yellow eyes plead with me.I turn to Billy, "Excuse me, Billy. I'll see you tomorrow."His sad smile grows happy again, "Of course. Be there at noon. Don't be late."I get up and follow Edward to the table where he is sitting with his bride. Bella is sitting in her seat and she smiles when I near. She is truly glowing in her open back wedding gown. Her makeup is done delicately only to make her beautiful features more prominent. Bella's hair is messily-yet elegantly- pulled away from her face and tied on the back of her head in an intricate bun. She looks truly magnificent and I tell her so.She blushes scarlet, "Thank you, Beth. I'm really happy you made it today.""Of course I made it." I smile at her."Beth," Edward begins. "Bella and I both thought that inviting you to this wedding would show our thanks for what you did a couple months ago."I give a small chuckle "I have received your thanks. It was a beautiful ceremony. The party is great too."Bella and Edward share a look and smile back at me."I hope you enjoy the rest of your evening." I say.I say goodbye to them and once more to Billy, promising that I be there at his house this Thursday at noon.The Cullen's is a fifteen minute drive from my house, but I manage to make it in ten. The front porch light is still on, which means my dad is waiting up for me. It's almost midnight, only a little earlier than usual. He couldn't have been waiting long.When I enter, I hear the T.V. shut off."Elly?" he calls out."Yeah, Dad, it's me.""Oh, you're back early. Didn't you say it was a wedding?"I walk over to where he sat on the couch and threw myself down next to him. He smooths the top of my hair with his hand comfortingly."Yeah, it was a wedding. But I didn't know anyone there except for one person.""Who?" Dad's blue eyes widen with curiosity and he scratches the top of his head. He probably just ripped out what left he has of his gray hair."Billy Black." I tell him."Oh," he says, "I thought it was gonna be a strapping young lad who you've been seeing behind my back or something."I laugh, "No way. There was this one kid that I met though. His name is Seth. He was really nice.""That's great, kiddo. Anything else to share?""I'm off to Billy's tomorrow.""Again?" I nod and he continues, "What for this time?""He wants to prove that he can actually bake the cookies he brings me all the time.""I swear that old man has a thing for you.""Ew, Dad, he's got kids who are my age.""Age and children didn't stop me from marrying your mother when I was thirty-five and she was just 22.""Billy is like older than old no way dad please rid me of these thoughts." I groan and he laughs at me."Why don't you go to bed kiddo.""Sounds good."I wake up to the sound of my dad yelling profanities from bumping his head on his bedroom door frame again. He always forgot how tall he was every once in a while.It was only eight so I got up and got ready to go to Billy's. I dress into my trusty pair of skinny jeans and an old t-shirt that I won from a carnival two years ago. I figure if it's Billy who is cooking, then there has gotta be some mess involved.When I get downstairs, my older brother Todd is eating some form of cereal mixed with waffle bits.He looks up at me and says, "Baby doll, you have got to brush your hair or something. It looks like a creature made a home there.""Yeah, yeah," I say trying to comb through it with my fingers, "I've heard it all before.""If you've already heard it, then why haven't you done anything with it.""Because I'm hungry, I need food. Food comes first, you know this." I tell him my mantra.He offers me his milky waffle bits. "You want some waffle cereal?""I'll pass." I grimace at his milk mustache.He smirks and finishes his breakfast.Todd is my half brother from my Dad. He and I have different moms, but when our parents got married, he was only two and loved my mother like his own. We don't look related at all. He has blond hair and blue eyes from his mother. And I got a mix of weird light brown but not quite blond with grayish eyes that are neither blue nor brown."So how was the wedding?" he asks."It was very lovely.""Was it better than Aunt Betty's wedding?""Even the most trashy wedding is better than Aunt Betty's wedding." I say to him and he laughs."This is true."Dad comes in to kiss us both goodbye to leave for work.As he leaves, he doubles back and whispers to me, "If that old man makes a move, I want you to call me, and I'll be there in five minutes. I swear it.""Dad, relax." I roll my eyes, but we both laugh and he leaves.Todd gets up and kisses my cheek. "I'll see you later, baby doll. I'm off for a walk on the beach with Millie.""'Kay, Todd, be careful."After he leaves I finish getting ready for the trip to Billy's. I bring my old apron from when I was a kid as a joke. Billy will get a kick out of this. It's hot pink with a lime green cactus on the front.It's only ten thirty, but I leave early. I know Billy doesn't care. He hasn't cared before when I show up early.The ride to Billy's is half an hour, but I take my time driving. I think about the newspaper from this past Sunday, it said that there was a population growth of the number of bears in the Forks-La Push area. This worries me a little, Todd likes to go for runs at night after dinner, and if there are bears out there that have caused accidents, then I don't know if it's safe for Todd to go out there.The article said that the mayor of Forks is holding a vote to see if citizens want the population taken care of or if they're not bothered by the increase.I don't know what I'm voting for yet.Billy would probably say that we should leave the animals alone, they haven't caused that many problems. He'd continue and say that we share the land with the wild animals, and we shouldn't drive them out when it was their land first. Then he would launch into an old legend about the man who sought shelter and the eagle who was the king of the forest or something. I'll ask him about it.I pull into Billy's unpaved driveway, and I roll down the window and call out to him. The door to his small house opens and he wheels through the threshold to greet me with a smile. You gotta love that Billy Black.When I reach the porch, he says to me, "You just missed Jacob. I would have loved for you to meet him.""It's too bad he couldn't have been here for the cookies," I say and he gives a hearty laugh."Too bad indeed." We both laugh and he brings me inside his house.I've always loved Billy's house. It is a cozy cottage with three bedrooms and one bathroom. His living room only has one couch but it is big enough to fit at least three people. Next to the couch is an old, worn rocking chair that Billy says no one sits in because it could break at any second. In front of the couch and rocking chair is a small fireplace. Far behind the living room is an open space with a table and five chairs. It is probably where the Black family eats their meals. Connecting to the living room is the kitchen.I walk to the kitchen and Billy already got a head start on the dough."Billy you couldn't wait for me? How do I know if you made this cookie dough by yourself?" I ask him."Sorry, Beth. I couldn't reveal to you any secret ingredients," He insists."I think the secret is that you didn't make it yourself."He groans and says, "Fine you caught me. You remember Seth, don't you?"I smile at the memory of Seth, "Yes, how could I forget?""His mother, Sue Clearwater, is the one who made the cookies all those times.""Ha! I knew it wasn't you," I laugh, and he looks embarrassed so I say, "Well, let's not put this cookie dough to waste. I'm gonna get my apron from my car. You get started."He nods in agreement, and I go out the door. It begins to drizzle, so my walk turns to a jog. I open the back door to the car to look for the apron I distinctly remember to have thrown back there. I probably should have just kept it next to me. If I'd done that, I probably would have remembered to bring it inside in the first place."Beth?" a voice calls out to me, and I stop searching for my apron in vain.I turn away from my car, and I saw someone I didn't expect to see, "Bella? Bella SwCullen?"She isn't fazed by my near mistake with her last name. Instead she continues, "What are you doing here?"The tone of her voice is confusing me. When I met her all those months ago, and even at her wedding, her voice had been sweet and kind. Now it is accusing and harsh.As if sensing a predicament outside of his home, Billy wheels out onto the porch."Bella. What brings you here?" His face is menacing, as if daring her to answer him back."I was looking for Jac""He's not here.""Oh."Silence ensues apart from the faint drip drop of the drizzle hitting the wet ground. My eyes flicker between Billy and Bella. They are both tense, as if there are unspoken words between them. A sudden rustle in the trees behind Billy's house knocks Bella and Billy out of their staring contest."Well," I begin, "Billy, if you'd like, I could come back another day."He looks at me apologetically, "Perhaps that would be for the best, my dear."I nod at him and look at Bella, "It was good to see you again."I think she knew I was lying.
