Prologue Edward Anthony Masen Jr. born on 20 June 1901, son of:Father: Edward Anthony Masen Sr. A lawyer in the city of Chicago, Illinois.Mother: Elizabeth Katharine Masen, house wife and mother.The year is 1918 the 4th of July and the whole city is in a up roar because of the parades today, and as for me I get to enjoy the summer holiday but a big new threat of a new sickness has hit our city the beginning of March. The Spanish Influenza they call it, a lot of people caught it and the rest of the community is in fear of it. So far everyone how got the illness has died. I just pray I don't get it or my family. My mother Elizabeth a house wife and a really great woman is keep our house a float while dad a very good attorney for the state he is working hard and late hours, there for I don't really know my father. Then for my birthday last week he gave me a gift in the form of a hat.Yes one of those hats you see on the Mitchell boys, around the corner from here. You never walk by there or even look in their direction as they always look for any excuse to fight. As there mafia boss Alonzo Fettuccini pay them to look after that whole block there. What they guarding beats me, but anyhow with a hat like the one my father gave me, there is not even a question that I won't even wear it once outside the house. Dad and I don't really see eye to eye sometimes. It is late afternoon here in Chicago, Illinois and the parade outside is getting ready to start. Mom and dad spending some time together and told me to go join up with my friends from school Franco and Louis to go watch the parade. I met up with Franco and Louis will only join us a bit later.'Hey Edward. Nice day for a parade.''Afternoon Franco, yes indeed a great day. I haven't seen a cloud in the sky today.''Have you heard about Louis's mother?''No, what happened?''The influenza got her and they are all at the hospital. They don't know if she'll make it.''That is terrible. I really do hope they get a cure for this horrible illness, and soon.''Yes, my mother is paranoid at the moment she really didn't wanted me to come but my father finally convinced her to let me come.''So glad you could make it, my friend.''Glad to be here. I can't stay long after the parade I have be home before sun set.''Okay, will I see you tomorrow at the lake then?''Maybe, but with this illness making the rounds I have my doubts with my mother.''I understand. Maybe we should just call the whole thing off just to be safe.''Good idea.' The parade starts and everything is beautiful all the lovely colors of every stage that drives by is better than the last. We stuck around for a while then head home for dinner. I walked in to my house and mom and dad where dancing around the room. I lean against the wall watching them laughing and enjoying themselves. It is such a wonderful sound, mom's laughter. I hope I will one day be this happy, like they are with my own wife. I walked up to my room and lay down on my bed reading a nice book from the library I brought home. Fell asleep with my book laying open on my chest. Dad woke me for dinner and we wash up and head down where mom was busy in the kitchen.Dad and I set the table and we all sat down enjoying our meal. Dad told us about a case he is busy with and I hung on his every word. The whole story sounds more like a novel than a court case. After dinner I helped mom wash up then went back up stairs to go take a bath. School only starts on Monday. I finished up in the bathroom and head back to my room where I sat down and finished some homework I still had left over. I could do it tomorrow but if it's done now I don't have to worry about it later.The whole weekend was just great and I finally set out to the lake myself and to my surprise Franco and Louis both pitched up and we had a great time just laying in the sun and swimming. Louis told us just how bad his mother got and she told him to go have some fun with Franco and me. So that is why is here to fulfill his mothers wishes to enjoy his life, but he did not stay long then he took off again to go be at his mother's side. As for Franco and me we swam some more then head back ourselves.It was a great idea to spend the day away from the city and all the panic that is raining down over the whole of Illinois like a dust cloud. I enjoyed the afternoon at the lake. I went alone after all but still it was nice just laying in the sun. Now sitting in class feels so normal and Mr Tanner is teaching us all about how the human eye works. Biology was always a big interest for me and my dad said if I do really great this year and next year. He will send me to Harvard to go study to be a doctor. Walking home from school after a really long day, Franco and I turned a corner to get to our street and walked right into Mitchell's boys.'What do you think you're doing, boy?''I'm really sorry sir, I did not see you.''Yes, keep on walking, boy. Next time I might not be this nice.' One of them said. Franco and I scrammed to get away from them and head down Academy drive to get to South Bradford Ct.'That was close.''Yes it was. My heart is still pounding.''I know what you're talking about.' We reached our street and quickly turned off to our houses. I walked into the house and mom was coughing badly.'Mom, I'm home.''In here honey.' She said and was busy in the kitchen.'Mom are you okay, you look as white as a sheet. Come sit down.' I said and helped her to a seat at the table in the kitchen.'I do feel a bit out of sorts. How was school?''School was great. Franco and I ran into Mitchel's boys.''What? Are you alright?' She looked worried, then gave another violent cough. I felt her forehead and she was burning up.'Mom your burning up. Come now you are going to lay down I'll finish up here in the kitchen.''Thank you.' She said and just sunk to the ground as she was about to turn and head upstairs to her room. I picked her up and carried her up stairs with the strength I could master. I lay her down and cover her with blankets and ran down the stairs and called dad at his office. He answered but he to sounded so sick. He as well sunk to the floor at work and the woman that took the phone from dad told me that she'll get an ambulance to take him to the hospital. I thanked her over and over. I called for an ambulance for mom as well and they came rushing to get mom. I got in the back of the ambulance as we rode to hospital with me holding mom's hand. I am so fond of my mother and can't bear to see her so ill or the thought of ever losing her. At the hospital I found my dad in a room alone and they pushed mom's bed into dads room. They now lay side by side.They gave mom and dad lots of medication. The night shift staff came and a very nice, blond haired doctor called Dr Cullen watched over mom and dad so nicely. We got talking and I can see Dr Cullen is a very soft humble man and he is really good to the core man. Three days I sat at my parents sick beds without leaving their side even for one second. It was now the fifth morning and just before Dr Cullen goes off his shift when I started to feel really ill. I had a fever and my joint is in pain I felt like I am a hundred year old man suffering. Dr Cullen immediately booked me into hospital and they gave me something he told the nurses to give me for the pain my body are in. They now rolled me into my folks room so we all will be together. I was in and out of sleep. I lost track of time and I don't even know what day it was. My father got must worst then my mother.I felt so weak that I can't even cry, because I now know my father are really close to death. It was only later that same day when my father finally passed away and mom and myself where so weak that we can't even morn my father's death. I my lungs started to hurt so badly and I could hardly breathe properly. I just came to one night when I heard my mother talk to Dr Cullen, begging him to do anything in his power to safe me, but I knew it was a fatal attempt.After my mother passed away I really had no one to turn too so I just lay on my death bed waiting for death to take me in it's claws. Struggling to get air into my lungs, Dr Cullen with his gentle kind eyes hovered over my vision one very late evening and told me he is full filling my mother's wishes to save me and that he is really sorry for what he is about to do but that it is the only way how he can help me.Then he bend down and with his head in my neck, bite into my flesh. His bite send agonizingly burning from my neck throughout my entire body. In my agony I felt I was being moved and I sensed that I was outside for a brief moment then were being laid down on a bed. Two more days passed where I revealed in so much agony known to man. In my last hour of pain, I breath out the last of the filthy air and when I pulled a new breathe all my senses was on alert. My sense of smell was sharper and I could hear things that I normally haven't heard before. I opened my eyes and focus on the ceiling and I could see the finest surface on the ceiling panels. A man was close to me and he said some things though not out loud. I sat up and looked at him, it was Dr Cullen. He just looked at me and then smiled.'He looks so scared?' His thought clearly came to me. I shook my head trying to rid myself from this but it only got worst.'I am not scared just confused.' I answered Dr Cullen. 'What happened to me?' I asked him out loud.'I am what you call a demon of the night, other tribal people have very different names for what I am. But in your generation Edward I am know as a Vampire and your mother asked me to safe you and this is the only way, I knew how to have done just that. Please forgive me for what I turned you into.''Dr Cullen, I forgive you for what you made me into and I also want to thank you for honoring my dying mothers wishes the way you did. But now that I am a man eating monster you will have to teach me or something.''Thank you for forgiving me so quickly but I know weeks, months and years to come you will come to cures me for what I turned you into. But I would be glad to teach you everything I know. I am Carlisle Cullen born in the year of 1640 and was made vampire one night in 1663, I was hunting vampires in London England when I was born. I was only 23 at the time. My Father, Pastor Cullen was a well known vampire hunter in the part of London we stayed in.''That would make you 278 years old.''Yes, that is correct. Some of our vampire kind once the transformation is complete awaken with acute gifts.''Gifts...? What kind of gifts?' I asked very curious.'I have seen so many over my life time. I have seen a woman that can impale you with pain by her mere look, and judging by yours son, you just answered my thoughts. Can you tell me what I am thinking now, just to test it a little.' (you have red eyes.) He thought and just looked at me.'You said: 'you have read eyes'.''This is astonishing. You have a wonderful gift. I have developed this theory over the past few years that if you where every attentive to something like what people think of you or concerned with peoples emotional state might be, you will carry that over into your new vampire life.''Your right it is astonishing, Dr Cullen.''Do you still have family in Chicago son?' He asked me, but I quickly shook my head in responds.'No, sir. They have all been taken by this horrible epidemic.''I sat up completely.' I saw a glimpse of myself in the mirror behind Dr Cullen. I got up and walked over to the mirror, I looked at myself and was completely blown away about my new appearance. My skin was so pale and it felt hard and smooth at the same time my hair looks thicker and more lively. As for my eyes that struck me as scary, I have deep red eyes now, my green eyes are completely gone now.'You now have exceptional speed as a vampire and as you already know you can hear far better now, then what you used to with your human hearing and judging by the way you just read my thoughts no one can ever sneak up on you ever again because you would hear people before you even see them.''You are correct and judging by the man down stairs he is having rather inappropriate thoughts about the young woman he is courting.''See, you have an amazing ability.''Yes, sir. But what will happen to me now. I have really nowhere to go now.''As of now you cannot go back to the life you've known before now. I am sure your parents have made provision for you if something like this should happen.' Carlisle said as we talked all night. We went out and we really blurred to my old house. We both went through my parents paperwork and Carlisle found a will where all my father and mother's money and assets are made out to me as their benefactor. The totally amount of everything put together had the astronomical amount of a one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. So what I did I buried my parents and kept all my mother's jewellery and some of my father's things. The rest of the things I sold along with the house and the car.I went to stay with Carlisle in his house and he started to teach me. We never hunt humans, we would run and run till we reach the woods and where we could hunt the deer, elk, mountain lions and bears. Since Carlisle changed me he didn't went back to the hospital. We went to the bank one very cloudy day because we can't really walk around town when the sun is out with our diamond skin, it will be a dead giveaway. We put all my money I got for everything I sold of my parents and invested it all, now under my new name, Edward Anthony Masen Cullen. Carlisle is busy getting us both new legal papers with one of his contacts.The months that followed we moved around from town to town. Now having legal paper. We manage to find a school in a small town where it is almost always over casted and I could finish my last two years of high school. My money is starting to grow just wonderfully and I am a rather wealth high school kid. After high school one night I was helping Carlisle at this one hospital when we were helping out in the morgue when he followed a sent of a woman that was supposedly have jumped off a cliff in a suicide attempt. She was in the morgue under a sheet left for dead when Carlisle found her faintly breathing. I witness him turning her. She was so beautiful, long blond wavy hair. I watched my new adopted father bite her and he have really such restraint I wouldn't have that restraint even if I tried my hardest. I took the toe tag from her one foot and I read it out loud to Carlisle.It reads: Esme Anne Platt Evenson, born 1895.We took Esme to our home and waited for her to go through the change. I watched her closely as she changes, so know what happened to me in my own change. She was in just as much agony I was in, that I can remember. Just before her last day of change Carlisle and I went hunting for the evening then came back immediately after we each killed a deer. My eyes have started to change to yellow, now just like Carlisle's eyes. The following evening Esme finished the last of her transformation and as she came near the end of her change, you could start to see her lips getting color, her hair has more life and her skin are as smooth as silk. Carlisle stepped in when she awaken. She opens her eyes and looked very bewildered around the room.Carlisle told me the past three years that he long for a woman companion for over two hundred years and that I am his best decision he ever had the chance to turn. He really started to feel like the father I never had before. I watched him with great fascination as he work with such care with Esme which by the looks of it will become my adopted mother in the near future and I was right. A year after Esme's change Carlisle asked Esme to marry him and they got married in front of a judge. She treated me like the son she never had and soon we started to feel like a real family.I finally enrolled into night classes at the university of Alaska. I started to study music and medicine and in a few years I had achieved a degree in music and is a trained doctor. I started my apprenticeship at the hospital Carlisle started working at and in a five years I was a qualified medical doctor. We started to move around a lot and in the 1930's we came to New York. Carlisle was walking home one night and smelled lots of blood, he ran to where the smell was coming from. When found a young woman, bleeding to death from a very violent rape on the side walk, left for dead.He took the young woman home and Esme helped cleaned her up as best she can and just before she blew out her last breath, Carlisle changed her. I guess Carlisle hope she would be to me what Esme was to him. They were so happily married. I was witnessing yet another change and I couldn't take it anymore so I ran away. I Rented a small one bedroom apartment then I would stay out all hours of the night following bad men that would follow respectable woman and by their mere bad thoughts I would hunt them down one after the other.Then one night I was about to kill another bad man when I saw the pure fear in the mans eyes and I realize that I am the monster in their eyes and after being on my own for almost ten years I went back to Carlisle and Esme. They welcomed me back like the prodigal son. I really didn't felt like I deserve their love and kindness at all not after what I have done. The only thing when I returned to them there were an extra member added to our family. A man called Emmet McCarty that according to Esme's stories Rosalie the girl Carlisle brought home that night I left found Emmet half dead by a bear attack in the woods. They all had yellow eyes except mine has turned back to red while I was away killing 'bad humans'. Since I came back I had to learn everything from scratch again. The taste of animal blood is something you really have to get use to once you got so use to human blood for ten years.It was when we all moved back to Washington in the early 1940's when Alice and Jasper already made Vampires crossed our paths and like me Alice and Jasper have gifts. Alice can see what happens in the future and then for Jasper he can calm a whole room as he can control people's emotional states. It is truly remarkable. Alice and Jasper both clearly together, as for me the only lonesome sole in the house. Since I consider myself completely soulless, since I am changed. Carlisle bought a great big piece of land in a small town called Forks, just outside the city of Seattle. Since all our adopted 'kids' are still very young we all enrolled into high school in Port Angele's. We all enrolled in different grades not to raise any kind of suspicions. Carlisle recon the younger we start out in a new town the longer we can stay in one place before we need to move on to the next town.Watching my new brothers and sisters I am really glad their part of our family and I am very fond of everyone of them. Although Rosalie and I sometimes have loud discussions and is in each others hair a lot I still only see her as my sister and will fight to the death for every member of my family. So me being the youngest in the house, I started on ninth grade working my way up. Carlisle got a great job at the hospital in Forks. As for me I can hear all my class mates thoughts and boy how dirty a high school boys mind can get around girls. The girls only thought about I hope he sees me or think I'm cute. All their thoughts drove me insane at first till Alice started to help me, control my thoughts only then it started to get better and better.When the sun comes out for a day or two Esme will call the school telling them we as a family will be going camping and hiking for the next few days. The school never argue when we stay away. All of us get excellent grades so they can't argue there. As for me I took my car I bought myself a year ago from the investment money I put away and drove out till I found a lonely hiking trail at the end of a dead end road. I hike for a while then blurred till I found a clearing. Goodness it is breath taking with all the wild flowers growing all around.I spend the day on my own laying in the sun. At the evening I would drive back home. So our pattern of living started. We would all chip in and we would all buy property in cities that has the best weather conditions for us to go out in the daylight and not make a scene. And in so we would move every couple of years or so to our different properties and then the cycle would start all over again. One year when we were in Forks we as a family went hunting and found ourselves on an Indian reservation an 20 minute drive outside of Forks. The Indian chief found us and chased us off his land, but Carlisle talked to Chief Black and they signed a treaty between our family and their Indian tribe stating that we may never hunt or set foot on their land ever again and the same for them when we are all in town.So we kept on our side of Forks and they kept on their side. After my graduation we moved back to Alaska and we all enrolled in the university there. We took night classes and I decided to pursue my music career further and in doing so I started to compose, my own piano pieces and it brought great joy to my adopted mother Esme to see me busy. But I also know her thoughts and worries about me being so alone not having anyone of my own. Years go by where we moved from one place to the next. Carlisle's Italian friends called in our vampire world like the royal family of all vampires, they would come visit us when ever they are in our neighborhood.As for the Volturi, they would enforce the laws we as vampires live by on a daily basis, from 'The Volturi'. The Volturi head members are Marcus, Caius and Aro. Aro being the oldest of all vampires and the leader of the to had a gift like Alice and me and Jasper. He can see all the thoughts you ever had by a single touch of your hand. They came to visit us a couple of times over the years and every time they see us, they want to recruit Alice and me in their ranks and then Carlisle would step in and safe the day. Carlisle stayed with the Volturi for a few decades but never once while he stayed with them deviated from his animal diet. He saw them do horrible things and then decided to move on and that is when he found me, dying of the Spanish influenza that killed a hundred million people in the 1918 and 1919's.
