Ghost...prologueEvery vampire and supernatural being knows about it but no one knows if it is real or not. Some believe its a myth the first vampires made to scare others like cookie monster in human world is made to scare the children, some don't even listen when The Ghost is mentioned saying its not worth it, it dos not exist, but there are some who have met it and lived to tell some of the things that are said about itto others.The Volturi kings and any major coven/tribe leaders of any supernatural beings know for sure that it-The Ghost truly exist and fear him because they were given the Ghosts coven emblem witch was made to be know all over the world so none will try and hurt the one who is under the protection of Ghost. The emblem is a four clover carved in death scyhe suraunded by ice shard. Its well known and only one has been seen with it Marcus Volturi. There arent many who know he is protected by Ghost and those who know soon diapear and are never heard of again.The Ghosts powers are that of a ghost- if he wish he is invisabel and it will seam like he never even existed (no scent,saund,imprint on ground,memorys nothing, nothing is left behaind him), but he is all knowing and uses the knowleg to help/destroy those he sees nececery. He has many gifts but the most known is his shealds- mental and pysical. They have many aspects each but noone exep for the Ghost knows the full extent of his powers.You now know the Ghost a little bit and im glad to have the honor of telling you the story hove he found and took care of his coven and most importantly his mate, hope you enjoy.AN: it may jump around in time and space so if you don't get something ill try to explain. I don't have a beta so my mistake and I don't own anything *sob* twilight belongs to SM. Ohhh and if anyone thinks im copying this from someone else pleas tell because it just pop up in my head and don't know if im doing it. I will then take it out and we can all forget it ever happened! first time writing/ENG my second language, don't be mean!
