AN: Hello and welcome! I am so excited for this, please review because honestly then I will know I should continue this story. Enjoy it and I hope you love it!Thank you!Chapter 1:Bella's pov,I scanned the airport nervously for the sign with my name on it. People were bustling around me and it was making me nervous. Suddenly my eyes caught a huge pink glittery sign with the name Isabella Swan on it."Oh my fucking God." I whispered.The woman holding the sign looked even more pink and shiny than the freaking sign. She looked about 4 ft 11 and was dressed in baggy pink trousers which could only be described as Aladdin pants and a yellow tank top with a thick belt wrapped around her.She suddenly squealed and wrapped her arms around me. "Hi, welcome I'm Alice, it's so nice to meet you, holy Jesus on a bicycle, I can't believe you're here. We are going to have so much fun, we are going to be great friends, I can tell already. We can go SHOPPING!" She looked positively giddy at the aspect, I'm scared."Alice, honey stop scaring my new assistant." A voice said from behind her.Holy Jesus on a bicycle hot damn and all. He was so hot. Tall with bronze coloured hair in messy disarray, vibrant green eyes that stood out on his flawless skin. He was muscular but in a lanky way.I felt a warm blush spread over my face, I must have looked ridiculous, staring at him, looking oxygen deprived."Well are you just going to stand there?" he asked in a pissed off tone.It was almost painful to be yanked back from my daydream."Excuse me?""I said are you just going to stand there, where did Esme get you from?" he repeated.Fury shot through me like a burning sensation."Were you dropped on your head as a bay, sniffed some paint maybe?" I snapped, I didn't take shit from anyone. Famous or not.He grew wide eyed. "Do you know who you are talking to?""Hmmnn, let see, a cocky, arrogant asshole!" I didn't realise I was shouting until the whole airport was silent.Alice began to laugh, and soon the whole airport was in hysterics.Alice grinned at me."Welcome to Chicago Bella."
