I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT OR IT'S CHARACTERS, STEPHANIE MEYERS DOES. THE ONLY THING I OWN IS THE STORY IDEA.Chapter 1  The Beginning?POVWe were traveling through the trees, keeping out of sight of the passing motorists, on our way to visit my good friend Carlisle who I hadn't seen in quite a few decades. He has been living in England the last couple of years with his family. However since I needed to talk to him, I requested that he come to America. So he and his family decided to take a month long vacation. They settled into one of their favorite homes located in the area of Forks, Washington. If you had ever heard of the small town of Forks, than you would know it was one of the few areas around that hardly ever saw any sunlight. It was perfect for who and what we are, especially if we wanted to be outside during the day.As always, it had been raining a lot, which caused the asphalt to become extremely slick, making driving a hazard. Luckily for us, there weren't too many motorists out, so we were able to run close to the road, but keep hidden in the tree line at the same time, this way we wouldn't have to worry about being seen.We were about three miles away from the Cullen's house, when out of nowhere we heard the screeching of rubber on the slick asphalt, and an out of control vehicle coming our way. I could easily hear the three panicked heart beats coming from inside the car. As the moment of impact was milliseconds from happening, that's when I first saw it; bright white lights coming from the inside of the car, surrounding a small child for a brief second before suddenly disappearing.The car collided with the tree and the two in the front seat died instantly. It was a shame too, their blood smelled so sweet. But who wants to drink from a dead body? Not me, that's for sure. We had more class than that. Besides would you want to eat rotten food? No, I didn't think so. Think of dead blood like food that has expired by a few days; looks good on the outside but foul on the inside.We could see a fire starting under the hood of the car, and knew that in a matter of mere seconds the car would catch fire and there would be an explosion shortly after. Then it would only be a matter of time before the police and fire department showed up. We had to get out of here before being seen.But for some reason, I couldn't help thinking about that third heart beat. What happened to the small child? Where did the child go? How did the child get out of that accident? Questions questions, too many questions but not enough answers. Should any of this really be my concern? No, not really but I was too intrigued about the lights that I had seen coming from the car; I wanted to know what happened.Then we heard it, a whimper coming from the other side of the road. We raced over there to find a young girl, about 5 or 6, crying. My brothers instantly wanted to suck her young life dry, but I had to no I NEEDED to stop them. There was something special about this girl and I needed to know what that was.My brothers were already in a crouch ready to pounce on this little girl come-on even I have more scruples than to attack a small child."Brothers, we must not feast on this child." I said to them"We must brother, she is a witness to who we are. Besides I am hungry." Caius said."No Caius, I have to know what she is. Just before the accident happened she was inside the car and I saw swirling white lights around her and now she is here on the side of the road. I have to know how she did it, we have to keep this young girl alive so that I can find out." They looked at me as if I had lost my mind, maybe I did, but right at this moment I really didn't care what they thought. This young child, this human, intrigued me. This is the first time a human has ever intrigued me enough to keep me from wanting to drain them.I approached her carefully, making sure to hold up my hands in front of me to show her that I meant her no harm. "What is your name child?""I am not supposed to talk to strangers" she replied sweetly. "Where are my mommy and daddy? Why am I sitting on the wet ground and not with mommy and daddy?"I felt an emotion that I hadn't felt in a long time, pain?! I think it was. Yes, it was pain, it pained me greatly to have to tell her this, "Honey, your mommy and daddy well. They umm do you have any one else other than your mommy and daddy that we can call?"She shook her head and my un-dead heart just about broke because the look in her eyes told me that she understood what had happened as she silently cried. I wanted to hold her but I knew better than to do that, we hunted back in Seattle but I didn't want to tempt fate right now. Unlike my brothers who were ready to take her blood right now. They were still crouched nearby."Do you know how you got here outside the car?" I asked. But she just shook her head no. "I have a special gift, could I hold your hand so that I can find out the answer myself."She looked at me with one eyebrow raised, "How can you do such a thing like that.""Honey, I don't know if I have the right words to explain it to you properly so that you would understand it, but if you could give me some time to figure out the best way to do so, I would be grateful." She nodded and held out her hand for me. What shocked me most is there was nothing. I couldn't read her; I had never been able to not read anyone before. I definitely had to figure out more about this unique child."Hmm, it seems I am unable to use my gift on you child. May I have the pleasure of knowing your name?""Isabella Swan, but please call me be Bella.""Isabella, my name is Aro and these are my brothers', Marcus and Caius." I said pointing them out. "I know you don't know us, but since you have nowhere else to live, I was wondering if you'd like to come live with us. This way you and I can both learn what happened and how you were able to escape the confines of the car. We can also figure out why I am unable to use my gift on you, would you like that?"My brothers raised their eyebrow at me and were about to protest, but I just looked at them, daring them to say anything. My mind was set and they knew there was nothing they could say to change that. And all pour Isabella could do was nod her head with a small, angelic smile on her face."Bella, I am going to pick you up and carry you to my friend's house, I know I'll feel cool to the touch, so I am going to wrap my cape around you to keep you warm. And since you've just experienced quite a bit for such a small girl, I would like it if you would try and sleep for the rest of the way." Again she just nodded and let out a small yawn to indicate that I had been right about her being tired. So I picked her up and we continued onto meet with our friends. Much to my brother's distaste, we walked the last three miles.THIS IS A REVAMPED VERSION OF A CHARMED LIFE THAT I HAVE RECENTLY TAKEN DOWN, FEEL FREE TO REVIEW, I MAY NOT HAVE TIME TO REPLY TO EACH AND EVERY REVIEW AS I HAVE LIMITED TIME, BUT I WILL TRY.
