Okay, I have about five new stories being written and this randomly and suddenly popped into my head. I needed a break and what else is there to do between 3 and 4am!Do not own twilight!One shot I think. I don't know. I don't have control over my brain. Need crit if pos. for story, not authors note. I'm allowed to suck here.No humans... B = Weird shape shifter thingy. E = vamp. The water washes over the sand gently. Untold secrets lie beneath the surface and I always want to know those secrets, but never get the courage to go find them.The tempting waters are dangerous to my kind, sadly.I always felt a strange pull to the sea nonetheless. It's deep blue colour inviting me to its depths.My wings shake of their own accord, small amounts of sand falling around me. My fingers curl into the sand and come out as talons. I look up with a determined look.Standing, I stretch my talons and they turn back to fingers. I shake my shoulders and the deaths on my wings are turned to strong skin to help me swim. I walk slowly to the water's edge when soft sand turns darker and harder from the water.I hear my love as he approaches. "Love?" He whispers so quietly against my neck, trying to distract me."Can you hear the Siren call?" I ask, staring into the deep before me. I feel him shake his head, brushing his cold lips against my neck. This act usually distracts me, but beautiful calls fill me ears.I walk into the wet sand. My skin stings but heals quickly. I just have to keep it slow, I remind myself.I walk slowly into the water until it washes over my bare thighs and soaks my short-yet-too-big-for-me dress. I leave my love behind.I lower my black wings slowly into to loving water, feeling the annoying sting."Can you hear the Siren call?" I ask to the birds above me and the Selkies on the rocks.I lower the rest of myself below the water, my eyes and lungs adjusting while the sting disappears from my skin. I swim using my wings, studying the bright colours of what is the sea.Bright blue, electric pink, vibrant yellow and so many other colours.A hippocamp swims up to me and nudges me. Her tail wraps around and gently pokes my wing. I smile and stroke her face gently. She nudges my chest and moves sideways on to me. "I can hear the siren call." She says, so I climb on carefully. She swims out far, until we are above a place that looks a lot like a cliff. She travels down into the deeps with me still on her back. Her bright colours light up the dark and brings life to it.Another hippocamp, younger and not as brightly coloured swims close. Other younger ones come too. I think I even see Kelpie's amongst them.The deeper we go, the more creatures appear. Nymphs and merpeople swim out of our way.The beautiful song fills my eyes once again. We reach the very bottom, at least I thought it was. I swim with two very young Hippocamps behind me since my Hippocamp is too big to fit in this cave. They would be about the size of one of my wings if they were squished together a little, not that I would."Can you hear the Siren call?" Beautiful voices sing out.Beautiful Siren's dance and play and sing."I can hear the Siren call."I dance, sing, laugh and live. My young Hippocamps laugh at my silliness with the Siren's. But I feel seventeen again - young and ready to party.I must dance for hours before the two pull me away. I have forgotten my love.I climb back on my Hippocamp and we go to the merpeople. They are kind and give us food. I'm not too surprised when my Hippocamp tells me the younger ones are mostly her own. Some are her nieces.A kelpie and I perform a dance in thanks to the merpeople. The younger Hippocamps joined in after the merpeople stopped clapping.We danced to the Siren's call.The Hippocamp's and I go to the Nymphs, but she insists that I do not stay long. With a sigh, I leave them. We swim up, taking the light with us. A few tired Hippocamps climb on their mother and sleep on her large back. The older Kelpie's offer aid to the younger ones who want to stay awake with us. I smiled at them and some swim in circles around me.I let the youngest rest on my lap. His colours aren't as bright as the others, but his eyes had been a beautiful colour. The brightest and my beautiful eyes."Can you hear the Siren call?" I ask the young one on my lap. He shakes his head sleepily and soon falls asleep.My Hippocamp takes me to see the Megalodon, Afanc, Aspidochelone and many other monsters of the sea. I soon grew tired like the young one on my lap. My Hippocamp turns to me with her great head."Take him with you. He has known such hardship. He will turn to a human child once he is above surface." She smiled gently while looking at the young one that I guessed wasn't one of her own. "I take in the weak and abandoned, but you've seen how many I have. There are so many and such little time to give them the right attention they all need. He deserves better."I nod with a smile. "You have done so much for me. I will. But, why will I be going to the surface?" I was confused."The Siren call has gone to your brain. Your loved one still waits for you on the water's shore. He has not moved. I shall bring you back to him now, the Siren call is strong on those who are in danger while in water." She smiled softly, motherly. "Trust me and hold on."My mind was clouded. My love? Oh, my Edward. I smiled and the Siren calls left my ears. We reached the surface and two Selkies swam towards us. One placed a necklace around my neck. "So you never forget us." She said.The other placed a necklace around the Hippocamp who I would be taking with me. "So he never forgets where he comes from." The other said and they swam away. My necklace had a rainbow horse head that looked a lot like my Hippocamp."His name is Cantaloo. He will be the age of five in your land." My Hippocamp explained."Pardon me, but I never asked your name." I said while climbing off her, keeping Cantaloo in my arms.She smiled. "Neela. Neela is my name." Before I could speak she spoke again. "Return to your love, Bella. Raise your children well." She winked knowingly and swam away gracefully with a lot of young Hippocamps following her. I stayed until their light disappeared.I turned to the shore and left the water carefully, the air stinging my skin just as the water had many hours ago. Cantaloo turned into a five year old, as Neela had promised. I shook my wings and places Cantaloo beside me, keeping one of his hands in mine as we walked towards my love.As all three of us walked to our sea-side house I looked back at the deep sea.Can you hear the Siren call?So, how'd I do? Creep anyone out with my randomness?I won't be continuing this, as much as I kinda want to. Cantaloo had many names, but I decided I like this one and I hate writing it out so there is a definite no to another post here (unless there is popular demand or something)Finished this at 5 mins to 4 and I am tired!Mistakes are either from my rubbish auto correct on this phone or my lack of concentration, but either way I apologise!
