Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters. The story and characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. Also, I apologize for any errors. I don't have this story beta'd (mostly because I am unsure of how to even go about doing that), so the errors are my own. Chapter 1: The Sound of a Beating Heart Esme entered the Volturi throne room with some trepidation. She knew that every century or so the Volturi kings would call in covens for a check of sorts, but she had yet to be present for one. The room's walls were made from a slate like stone and large windows covered with heavy forest green drapes filled the space with subtle light. At the north side of the room she saw three thrones, each containing an ancient, and powerful, vampire. She had seen pictures and heard Carlisle speak of the three kings, and the three queens to a certain extent, but that did not prepare her for the sense of power that radiated from them. Suddenly, Esme felt very small. Aro, the king from the middle throne smiled briefly and then stood in greeting."Ah, such a joy to have you back amongst our company again, Carlisle. I see that your coven has grown. Please introduce me to your family."Esme was curious as to the usage of the word 'family' that spilt from Aro's lips. Did he really think of their coven as a family? When Carlisle has spoken of the kings he had never indicated that they too created familial bonds with each other. Before she could think much more on the subject Carlisle began introducing them to the kings."This is my mate and wife Esme." He said while directing his gaze toward Esme. Aro approached slowly and extended his hand to Esme and she took it gracefully. Aro closed his eyes while filtering through her thoughts and memories. Aro smiled and let go, "It is a pleasure to finally meet you Esme. I have hoped for many years that Carlisle would find his mate. It is an honor to make your acquaintance, I hope that we can spend more time together and you can get to know me and my family."Then Aro moved on to take the hand of each member of the rest of Carlisle and Esme's family as they were introduced by Carlisle.While Aro was listening to the thoughts of her children, Esme heard the tiny patter of feet running and what she thought to be the sound of a child's giggle. She quickly dismissed the notion, however. She knew that the creation of immortal children was strictly forbidden. She had heard from Tanya and her coven about the fate that became of their mother and creator for the conception of such a being. She also knew that the Volturi drank human blood but certainly they would not stoop so low as to feed on small children. She deducted that giggle must not have come from a child. Perhaps another vampire in the castle had a young voice?She quickly glanced at Carlisle to see if he had heard the same thing and noted that he seemed to be coming to the same conclusion. Then she stole a glance at Edward. He looked perplexed, but not overly concerned. Clearly something in the thoughts of the people in the room was intriguing to him. Esme briefly relaxed, she didn't smell any humans in the vicinity; she needn't worry.Then she heard a small voice yell out, "Mama Mama, I did it!" Come look, I did it." Thoughts of an immortal child ran through her mind and she couldn't believe the Volturi would do such a thing. But then she heard it, it was a sound that caused her eyes to mist over with venom. It was the sound of a small beating heart.
