Helloooo!Okay I know I said I would be updating my other stories and I am sorry I haven't but I have started another story which is very different so I'm giving it a shot see what you all thinkI will warm now it is VERY sexual and Is not recommended for people under 18!So here goesPLEASE review so I know whether to keep on posting moreSorry if there are mistakes as well I haven't had chance to re-read it and change anything.It was supposed to be just funA game, just sex. I never thought I would fall this hard. I did and it sucks!I walked through the over-crowded hallway and into my first lesson."You must be Isabella." The male said standing up from behind his desk."Bella." I corrected and handed him my sign in sheet which he put on the front of his desk and assigned me to the empty seat near the front.I didn't even notice the sex god sitting next to me until I looked over and stared at him.Oh my god my eyes have just bulged out of my head.The bronze haired, black eyed god sitting next to me was beautiful.I had to move my head in the other direction or I might just start drooling like a dog with meat in front of him.I could feel his eyes burning into me as I tried to concentrate on the teacher blabbing on but it was no use.I took a glance at the beauty next to me and saw him looking at me, I thought he was looking at my face at first but he wasn't he was staring at my breasts and didn't even look bothered that he had been caught.I raised my right eyebrow at him and he smirked at me sending my body into a frenzy of needing him. If we weren't in a class room right now I would be ripping his clothes of and taking him right here. I rubbed my legs together and felt my clit brush against my underwear.It ached and called out to be touched, I could feel how wet I was getting imagining taking this stranger next to me on the bench right now, on the floor, on my bed, on my car. I didn't even care where but I needed it, I eyed his torso, I could see faint muscles through his jacket but he was too covered up for me to inspect.I could see the bulge in his pants telling me he was also horny. I licked my lips and bit my lip as I eyed him up and down; I looked back to the front of the classroom trying to sustain the wetness and ache that was going on down there.I think I might have to wipe the seat when I stand up. I moved again wanting a release of some sort.The lesson seemed to go on forever as I was having silent battles with myself, I wanted to pull my jeans down and stick my fingers so far in and rub my clit until I exploded but I couldn't.Trying to stop myself from pouncing on this stranger next to me was beginning to become difficult.Once the bell went I sighed and got up and took a quick peak at the chair, it was okay. I packed my things up the quickest I could. I need a toilet to relieve this unbearable need to release this orgasm I have building within.I went up to the front desk and waited while the teacher signed the paper for me; I almost snatched it from him and ran out of the room.I walked down the corridor quickly trying to find the damn toilet which I couldn't. I was ready to go to my car when I felt someone grab me around the waist and lead me into the toilets.I looked to see the sex god pushing me against the sinks.He kissed me perfectly but needy, our tongues danced together as if they were made for each other, his hands roamed my back till they got to my ass, he squeezed then lifted me up so I was sitting on the sinks, I wrapped my legs around him and put my hands around his neck and played with his soft hair.I could hear a purr come from him which sent me crazy, I pushed his jacket of him and pulled his top over his head exposing his perfectly sculpted abs.He had a faint 6 pack, I ran my fingers over his body slowly and his bulge seemed to get bigger. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back and kissed my earlobe and gently tugged on it and went down to my neck, collarbone and to my coat which he got off in record time along with my top. He pushed the cups of my bra down and began massaging my breast, I gasped in pleasure as the pad of his thumb rubbed against my now hard nipples. He brought my left one into his mouth, sucking and licking it.My hands went to his hair and I moaned in pleasure, I could feel the ache from my sex as it was already moist waiting for some action.He played with the button on my jeans and took them down quickly along with my panties leaving me exposed.His cold fingers trailed down to my sex, It felt like it was screaming for his touch.He surprised me by pulling both of my legs and causing me to put my hands on either side of the sink to stop myself from falling. He bent down and gently licked my bud sending shivers thought out my body, I moaned in pleasure and tipped my head back as he slowly licked, sucked and nipped at my bulging bud.He slowly inserted a finger then another one making me whimper and close my eyes in pleasure.I could feel my breasts bouncing around as he pumped into me with him fingers making me all hot and sweaty; his tongue expertly messaged my bud sending me into oblivion. My muscles tightened and I was pushed over the edge, my realise had finally come. I was panting and sweating as I grabbed onto him and dug my nails into his back as it carried on rolling out.My body was shaking from the amazing orgasm I just had, I looked up at this boy who was staring down at me with his golden eyes.I swore they were black earlier?God knows I didn't care. I got of the sinks and kneeled in front of him and took his jeans down and pulled his bulge out of his boxers.I couldn't help but gasp at his big, white, cold cock as I put my hand around most of it.I slowly started to pump at him and he gasped in pleasure. I could feel his eyes on me so I licked the top and he put his hands in my hair begging me to do it. I took his shaft in my mouth and sucked, licked and still pumped him all at once. His hips moved quickly and hard as he was reaching his orgasm.I got faster and faster as the muscles in his stomach tightened and his grip on my hair went harder it actually hurt but it was more pleasurable to know he was about to explode.He shot his load into my mouth and I swallowed it down and licked the tip of his rock hard cock again. He grabbed me up and put me back up onto the sink and inserted into my soaking wet sex quickly.I gasped at the pain but it was to pleasurable to even stop him.He started pumping slowly at first until I dug my nails into his back and held onto me as we both rocked fast and faster, his hands were digging into my waist and his head was in the crook of my neck.We were both breathing heavily and sweating from our session until I heard someone outside."Shit-t" I gasped not wanting this to end.This boy picked me up easily and took me into the toilet stall and kicked our clothes into it easily.He sat down on the toilet and I carried on moving up and down, my breasts danced around in his face and he massaged them and licked my nipples making me gasp. I put my hand over my mouth but carried on slowly now as we heard footsteps.We could hear someone in the stall next to us; I had to put my head in the crook of this sexy male to stop myself from moaning out in pleasure as he went deeper and deeper into me going harder and faster.His aroma was sending shivers throughout my body, how is it even possible for someone to smell this sexy? He was driving me crazy!We were both panting by the time the person left; I could feel my second orgasm on the brink as he sucked my nipples and pounded into me."OhOh my god." I panted holding onto this stranger and throwing my head back.It felt like my eyes rolled into the back of my head as wave after wave hit of pure ecstasy. His grip tightened on me again and he went stiff and grunted a few times."Shit!" He said just as his warm liquid went into me causing us both to go limp and gasp to get our breaths back.After a few minutes I let go of the stranger in front of me and tried to find my clothes, I pulled my bra back up as this beautiful guy found his clothes and put them on. As I bent down to put my panties and jeans on he slapped my butt making me squeal.I giggled and he laughed as we put our jackets back on."That wasFun." I said blushing and biting my bottom lip.He laughed and handed me my bag and opened the stall door and went outside, I looked in the mirror and tried to tame the mess on my head but it didn't work."Thanks" I said waiting for the stranger's name."Edward.""Edward" I repeated and smiled."I'm Bella." I said walking to the door of the staff toilets; I didn't even notice we were in the staff toilets.I peeked out and quickly walked down the hallway with Edward close behind me."See you around." I said smiling and going to my next lesson.I felt alive and happy all day as lessons came and went, I couldn't concentrate on anything apart from Edward. I can't believe I had sex on my first day of school with a random guy.That definitely isn't like me but it was so amazing, thinking of it made me wet again and my body begged for more.Haha so there it was...Like I said very sexual and not like Twilight at all! Please REVIEW and I will update tomorrow if I have any reviews by then! Thanks! :) 4 
