It all started with the bruises. Since I'm naturally one of the clumsiest people alive, I never paid that much attention to them. They would show up on my legs and arms, and even occasionally my hands, but since I was always tripping and falling I just assumed they were from that. Then the fullness started. Every morning I could wake up and eat a small container of yogurt and be full for the rest of the entire day. Of course I still had to cook for Charlie (even though I was an eighth grader and he was an adult) but I could barely eat a bite at dinner without getting sick to my stomach. My friends at school thought I was anorexic since I never ate and was losing weight. Charlie blamed it on the move. He said adjusting was rough and my appetite would go back to normal soon. It didn't. And then the spots started. Petechiae, is what I now know they're called. They are small little red dots that appear on your skin. Or in this case, my whole body. And after a few days they started turning purple and it was a terrifying thing to look at. So Charlie took me to the local Forks Hospital and they drew my blood. Cancer. That was their dialysis. I had Acute Myeloid Leukemia.Now fast forward two years later. I am now a sophomore at Fork's High and after several months of chemotherapy, I'm in remission from my cancer. I actually have a pretty average life now. It's January and second quarter just started."Bella!" A female voice yells, drawing my attention. I look up from the book I was reading to see Jessica Stanely running towards me. "Bella you have to come with me. A new family just moved in and they are gorgeous! There's this one with messy bronze hair" Her voice trails off as she goes into la la land.I really don't see the big deal but I want her to leave me alone, and so that's how I find myself being dragged through the hallways of our school and into the parking lot. We look through the rows of cars and see the Headmaster, Mr. Greene, talking to the most handsome man I've ever seen. He has beautiful blonde hair that comes down to his collar, pale skin, and kind gentle eyes that seem to sparkle. I usually don't agree with Jessica but now I'm very glad she pulled me along."Just wait till you see the kids." She whispers in my ear. "You think the dad is gorgeous but his sons are ten times better."I laugh a little at this. I feel almost bad that we're practically stalking this new family. And that's when the teens walk into view. There are five of them, and they are the most incredibly beautiful people I've ever seen. They all look like movie stars, and I'm wondering what in the world are they doing in Forks.There is one in particular that catches my eye. He has honey blonde curly hair, pale skin (like the rest of his family), a lean muscular body, and eyes that would make any girl swoon."You're right Jessica." I manage to get out. "They're wonderful. And they could turn out to be complete idiots but every girl at our high school will be wanting to get their hands on them." Jessica nods her head and we slowly get up from the red truck we had been hiding behind.It was almost the end of lunch, and we didn't want to be late for fourth period. I quickly grab the book I had left in the cafeteria and run-walk over to English II with Mrs. Jensen. As I walk inside, I immediately notice the boy I had been staring at earlier, standing in the front of the classroom. He looks over at me and makes my whole face flush. I try to walk to where my seat is in the back of the classroom but my foot catches on someone's backpack and I start to fall. Immediately a pair of strong arms wrap around my waist and catch me before I hit the ground. As I am set upright, I feel mortified and turn around to thank the person who caught me. And it's that boy. As my face turns bright red all over again, I quickly stutter out a thank you and carefully walk to my seat.As soon as I sit down, the bell rings indicating that fourth period has begun. Mrs. Jensen gets up from her desk and closes the classroom door. Then she turns towards us and says, "Class we have a new addition to our students. This is Jasper Hale, and he and his family just moved her from""Alaska." Jasper supplies. His voice sounds like honey, which reminds me of the color of his hair. I can visibly see all the girls in my class swoon over him and all the guys try not to show their jealousy. Even Mrs. Jensen has to compose herself for a second before going on."Well then." She says, as she clears her throat. "I want all of you to make Mr. Hale here feel as welcome as possible. Now let's see" She taps her foot and looks around the room. I suddenly realize she's looking for a seat for him. And the only available seat is next to me."Jasper," The teacher says while gently placing a hand on his arm. I see him try not to shudder at the unwanted contact. "There is an empty seat over by Bella. Bella raise your hand." I slowly raise up my hand and watch everyone's eyes turns toward me. Several of the girls are glaring. "You can go sit in the empty seat by her. I'm sure you two will get along." Jasper just nods his head and makes his way over to where I'm sitting.I feel my nerves go on edge as he sits down next to me. Why do I get to be the 'lucky' girl? I'm a complete mess and as soon as he realizes about my cancer, he'll probably treat me like a little girl. Just like everyone else does. We all know I'm going to die eventually. My remission is just lengthening out the process."Hello." I hear a silky voice whisper. I slowly turn my head to the left and see Jasper staring at me. "You must be Bella, though I believe we already met." My ears go red as I remember my fall just a few minutes ago."It's alright." He says with a gentle laugh. "I'm not judging." And then I realize that he has a slight southern twang in his accent."You said you're from Alaska" I began. "But your voice sounds kind of southern. Did you ever live in the South?"He looks mildly surprised at my question, and for a second I almost thought I saw an impressed look in his eyes. "Actually, yes, I did live in Texas for a little bit. You see, the Cullens adopted me when I was eight. That's when I moved to Alaska."I nod my head and turn back to the front of the classroom, trying to focus on the lesson Mrs. Jensen was teaching. Jasper seemed to get the hint and began focusing too. And that was how I met Jasper Hale.
