Sort of BeautifulDisclaimer: all characters and copyright belong to Stephanie Meyer.Part One"You're sort of beautiful." The words were out of Bella's mouth before she even knew she had spoken. Her hand flew to her forehead as the blood from the cut began to slide down her face."How hard did you hit your head?" Jacob said in amusement. He pressed his t-shirt to her head to stem the worst of the blood flow."I don't know." Bella mumbled, feeling embarrassed by her outburst."Come on, let's get you to a hospital to get checked out." Jacob put his arm around her waist and lifted her easily back onto her feet.Bella's legs wobbled and she leaned against him for support. He was so warm. It was hard not to miss the flex of his muscles under his tan skin as he held her close as they walked back over to the Chevy. When had Jacob become so buff? He was only sixteen. She knew for a fact he never worked out. All these random thoughts buzzed through her head as they finally reached her old truck. Jacob lifted her easily into the passenger side and then quickly ran round and climbed in the driver's side. The loud rumbling engine roaring to life startled her as he quickly reversed back over to the bikes so he could throw them in the back. While he was preoccupied doing this, Bella closed her eyes and rested her head against the cool glass of the side window. It helped ease the sharp pain in her head...her mind slowly began to wander..."Hey beautiful time to get up." Bella batted the hand away that was stroking the hair back from her face."Ten more minutes." She mumbled."No can do, honey." This time she felt a light smack on her ass. Her head shot up, her long hair tumbling round her shoulders as she stared around blearily."What?" Bella felt disorientated. She rubbed at her face with one hand as she rolled onto her back and looked around her. Who the hell had the audacity to slap her butt?"Bells, we're running late." The sound of a shower starting made her sit up. She glanced to the side to see steam coming out of a slightly opened door leading from the bedroom. Where on earth was she?"Bells, can you hear me? You better not have gone back to sleep." It was Jacob's voice that was floating out of the bathroom. She would know it anywhere.Bella looked down at herself. She was dressed in a grey tank top teamed with a pair of grey panties. Her legs were bare and she was lying in a huge king size bed. Immediately she hunted around for something to cover herself up with. All she could find was the duvet. She hugged it around her body and stared around some more, hoping to get her bearings. The room was quite large. Besides the bed, the only other furniture was a double fitted wardrobe made from some light wood, maybe cedar? There was a chest of draws in matching wood. The floor was bare except for a mocha colored rug and the same color curtains hung at the window. The walls were painted a light cream. All in all it was just the type of minimalist look that Bella loved.She was so caught up looking at the room that she didn't hear the shower switch off. To her utter shock, Jacob came striding out of the bathroom completely naked. Her mouth fell open as she watched him hunt around in one of the draws. He pulled out some boxers and slipped them on."Good you're awake." Jacob grinned at her as he climbed on the bed. He kissed her on her open mouth, making her gasp in surprise."You...you..." Bella was so stunned she couldn't get her words out.Jacob laughed at her reaction. "Jeez, Bells you look as if you've never seen me half naked before." He flexed his muscles playfully making her mouth drop open again. "You're drooling beautiful. I would ravish you right now but we need to go we're running late to pick up Danny.""Danny?" She echoed him."Yes, Danny. Remember him? Three years old, looks like me, but has your eyes." Jacob ruffled her hair. "You are really out of it. How much did you have to drink last night?""Um, can't remember." Bella touched her forehead expecting it to be bleeding. She stared at her hand when she realized it was clean."Aww honey, do you have a headache? Let me go and make you my miracle cure." Jacob leaned across and planted a hot kiss on her forehead. Bella put her hand back to her head as she watched him stride confidently out of the room.Bella was now sitting across from him in the kitchen. Again it was a large room and decorated to her own taste. She loved it. Jacob had placed a glass of some strange smelling brown liquid in front of her. "Now drink up." He urged her."I'm fine now." She insisted hurriedly, pushing the glass to one side."No way. You need a clear head when you're dealing with Danny. Go on beautiful drink it." Jacob pushed the glass into her hands."Why do you keep calling me beautiful?" Bella asked as she held the glass in her hands.Jacob looked confused. "Because you are. Now drink up."Bella pulled a face as she quickly gulped down the brown liquid. To her surprise it tasted quite nice. She finished it off greedily. Jacob smiled fondly at her. "Feel better?""Much." Bella put the glass on the table and tugged the duvet closer around her."Well you better get in the shower we are running really late. Charlie wants to get on the road by eleven.""My dad? He has Danny?" Bella felt overwhelmed with this flood of information."Yeah we took him there last night so we could have our date night." Jacob winked at her as he rose from his seat and kissed her full on the mouth again. Bella was breathless when he pulled away. "Go on get in the shower, honey."Bella nodded dumbly as she stood up and began to make her way back to the bedroom. She stumbled as her feet got caught up in the duvet, but she refused to put it down. She felt too exposed. When she reached the bedroom she exhaled slowly as she shoved the duvet back on the bed and headed into the bathroom. It was only when she went to switch the shower on that she glanced at her left hand. Right before her eyes was a simple gold wedding band teamed with a small but perfectly formed diamond engagement ring. She was married!She was dreaming; she had to be. Bella was now sitting next to Jacob as they drove over to Forks to pick up this three year old boy called Danny, who was apparently her son. She gazed out of the window and looked at her surroundings. She recognized La Push straight away and she said the landmarks out loud as they passed each one. Jacob laughed at her as he reached across and took her hand in his warm one. Bella relaxed at his touch and smiled easily at him. This may be a weird dream but it was a pleasant one. She had decided to just go with it.They reached Forks sooner than Bella anticipated. She poked her head out of the window of the truck and looked eagerly over at her father's house. Now that looked the same. It had obviously been recently painted, she could smell the fresh paint in the air. Before they had even parked up the front door was open and Charlie emerged, holding onto the hand of a small boy. Bella's eyes opened wide. So this was Danny? He was definitely the image of Jake."Mommy, Daddy!" The little boy jumped up and down excitedly as Jacob parked up the truck.Charlie released Danny's hand and he flew down the steps and over to Jacob, who was the first to exit the truck. Jacob chuckled as he picked his son up in his arms and placed him on his strong shoulders. "I'm a bird." He yelled as he flapped his hands up and down.Bella climbed out of the passenger side and smiled indulgently at the small child. If only this was all real and not some bizarre dream. She would love to have a child like him one day. She jogged up the steps only to be embraced by her father. She gasped in surprise. Charlie was never usually so openly affectionate. It was very rare that he hugged her. She studied him covertly. He seemed younger somehow, the worried frown he usually wore was missing and he was still smiling widely at them all. Bella couldn't take it in."Hungover, kiddo?" Charlie teased her when she failed to answer his greeting."Yeah." Bella said vaguely.Jacob laughed. "She had a whole bottle of red wine to herself last night. Added to the fun if you...""Enough." Charlie rolled his eyes at Jacob. "There are some things a father doesn't need to hear. Well I don't want to say hello and goodbye but I really need to hit the road.""Sorry we're a bit late, Charlie." Jacob apologized."No worries. Me and Dan Dan had fun, didn't we?" He glanced up at Danny who giggled at his grandfather."Me an' Grandpa make cakes." Danny revealed. "Grandpa burnt cakes."Bella laughed at this piece of news, that didn't surprise her. There was a reason her father ate out at the diner every night until she had moved back home. "Sounds about right.""That was a secret Danny, remember?" Charlie tapped the side of his nose.Danny's hands flew to his mouth. "Sorreee." He mumbled."Never mind." Charlie winked at his grandson before making his way over to his cruiser. "I'll see you all in a week.""Bye dad." Bella waved at him, wondering where the hell he was going for a week. She felt too stupid to ask.Jacob and Danny waved at Charlie too as he started the engine and began to pull away. He tooted his horn as he began to drive off down the road. Danny seemed crestfallen now that his grandfather was gone. He indicated that he wanted to come down. Jacob carefully lifted him off of his shoulders and handed him to Bella. She felt a bit anxious handling such a small boy, she wasn't used to being around children. However Danny immediately snuggled up to her and stuck his thumb in his mouth."I sleepy." He yawned and rested his head on her shoulder."Close your eyes then, little one." Bella crooned as she patted his back gently."Love you, mommy." Danny whispered as his eyes fluttered closed."Love you too." Bella replied gently, and she meant it. The feel of his small body resting in her arms made her feel all maternal and protective. She glanced at Jacob to see him looking at them both lovingly."I wish I had a camera to take a picture." He said regretfully. "You both look so beautiful.""There would be something missing in that picture." Bella held out a hand to him."What's that?" He asked as he took her proffered hand."You." She smiled at him as she welcomed his kiss."Bells, Bells wake up." She felt herself being shaken."No leave me alone." Bella resisted the warm hands that were trying to pull her back to the present. She wanted to stay right where she was. She squeezed her eyes tight shut and drifted back to her lovely dream...She was sitting back in the truck again. Danny was strapped into his child seat and Jacob was behind the wheel. They were driving back to La Push. "What will we do now?" She asked cheerfully."Pack meeting." Jacob said dubiously. "Sorry honey, couldn't get out of it. It's informal, the other kids will be there, so don't worry.""Pack meeting?" Bella frowned. What the hell was the pack? She couldn't ask Jake as he would start to ask why she didn't know. Well it seemed she would soon find out. She relaxed as she felt Jacob's hand holding her own. Her free hand touched her sleeping son on the head as they continued on their way to La Push.A/N-thanks for reading! 
