Since my last story that I had started is currently stuck on my broken laptop for the foreseeable future I figured I would give this one a shot. This is all I have so far but I just wanted to see what you guys thought of it. I plan to get my documents off of my laptop in September but I'm not sure if I will be able to but until then I don't want to rewrite the story because I have it just the way I want it on my old computer. So for the time being the husband is being generous enough to allow me to use his laptop while he is at work and not using it. I'm not sure how often I will update but I will post as often as I get a chapter finished.Disclaimer: I don't anything Twilight affiliated but I do own this story as it has come strictly from my mind just using SM's characters for a little role play action.ENJOY AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK!Chapter 1BellaPOV"Are you serious? Masen and the Unbreakables?" My little brother hollered from the couch as I stirred our dinner that was on the stove.I chuckled at his enthusiasm. I was the head entertainment reporter for Star City Journal and was often given exclusive backstage passes to premire events around San Francisco. This time it was to the concert of the number one billboard artists around, Masen and the Unbreakables. I was supposed to have a sit down one on one interview with the lead singer of the group after the concert but I was also supposed to interview the whole group. I had to admit I was a little nervous about it because I listened to their music in my own time and had had a secret little crush on the lead singer, Edward Masen, for a few years now. "I'm just there to do a few interviews, Seth, it's not that big of a deal. Really." I told him as I dished up our plates while he put away his books so we could eat on the coffee table."Bells, it is a really big deal. Their music is awesome and the drummer is so cute." He said as he shook his head.I just laughed. Of course he would like the drummer, she was a chick that played drums. Every night for a living. "Would you like to go to the concert with me? I can't get you backstage because I only have one pass but you can at least go to the concert with me." I rambled as I sat our dinner down on the coffee table before going back for our glasses of milk.He nodded eagerly with a huge smile on his face. "That would be awesome, Bells. Thank you so much!" He said throwing his arms around me just as I sat the glasses of milk down on the coffee table."It's no big deal, Seth. You will just have to meet me there at 7:30 tomorrow night, okay?" I told him digging into the beef stroganoff.He nodded in acceptance as he dug into his own dinner. Seth was my stepbrother from my dad's second marriage to Sue Clearwater. They had married when I was just sixteen years old and Seth was thirteen. We had immediately hit it off until I had moved away for college. We had still kept in touch while I was away at college until he joined me at CSU San Francisco my senior year of college. I had an off campus apartment by that time because I was working part-time at the Star City Journal and was sick of on campus living because I had never had that party girl persona, I had always been a book-worm, so I had offered to let Seth live in my spare bedroom but he had declined at first. It had eventually paid off when I had graduated with a Bachelor's in Journalism and a Bachelor's in English after just four years of college. My first year out of college and Seth's sophomore year found him sleeping more in my spare room instead of in his dorm that he had finally conceded and moved in completely. Now he was a senior in his final semester of college and was planning to move into his own apartment across the hall after graduation in a few months. We had both talked to the apartment manager about finding an apartment for Seth in the same complex since he had fallen in love with the neighborhood and had been pleased to find out that our neighbors across the hall were planning to move out of state in May, just when Seth was wanting to move out. He had put down his security deposit along with three months rent to secure the apartment for when it became available. I was so proud of him, it's not even funny but I was glad that he was sticking close by.Later that night I sat out on my balcony with my feet resting on the railing as I sipped on my class of wine as I watched the lights of cars on the San Francisco bridge. It really was a beautiful sight to behold and I could watch it all from the comfort of my own home. I paid good money for my apartment but I had wanted something sophisticated and in the middle of everything while my dad had wanted me safe and secure. This building met all of the requirements. It had a 24 hour security staff, a doorman, and also concierge. It also had a glass exterior which was really beautiful at both day and night, a huge indoor swimming pool, a gym, a dance studio, a theatre, and my apartment was gorgeous but homey yet sophisticated in style. Most people wonder how a college student only working part-time for minimum wage could afford such a nice place. It was easy really. My mom had died in a car accident when I was just seven years old. Luckily, my dad still had a life insurance policy on her and her husband at the time also had a life insurance policy on her which had all gone into a savings for me. When I had turned 18 I had inherited over a million dollars from her life insurance policies and the interest they had both gained over the years. I hadn't splurged on anything other than this apartment and my car since I had inherited the money. My college was paid for because being a book-worm in high school had paid off with full ride four-year scholarships to a school of my choice. I glanced at the laptop screen in my lap and groaned at what I saw. It was an instant message from my co-worker and best friend for the past three years, Angela Weber.You are one lucky woman, you know that!I just laughed to myself because she must have found out about the tickets and backstage pass I had gotten just before I had left the office today. It's not like I had asked for the assignment or anything but I wasn't going to complain at all.What did you get? Art museum, zoo exhibit, opera, or socialite?Fucking Tanya Denali is who I got.I had to laugh out loud at that because the woman was a true photography visionary but was a total bitch to interview. She normally gave one word answers about her work and didn't like to talk about anything but herself and shopping. I had had to interview her at her last art exhibit.Sorry, Ang, just make the best out of it. I know you love art so spend a lot of your time exploring the art gallery with Ben. Make most of your article about her photographs and the people attending the event. You coming in tomorrow or working from home?The good thing about our work was that once we got our assignments we could work from home most of the time as long as our deadlines were met. I usually spent one or two days a week researching at home about whatever assignment I had received for that printing period.Nope, wanna go to the hospital for a little while?I smiled because we spent some of our free time volunteering as kangaroo ladies at the Children's Hospital downtown. I had spent a lot of time there when Angela and her husband Ben's sweet little angel was born premature at 28 weeks because of placental abruption. Aubrey was a beautiful bouncy little two-year old now that I absolutely adored. We always took her to the hospital with us and while we were giving Kangaroo care to the little ones the nurses played with Aubrey in the playroom.Sounds good to me. 10 o'clock at the front doors? I'll bring the iced caramel macchiato's and sandwiches.Okay, see you then. Love ya, BellsLove you too, AngI closed the lid of my laptop where I was making a list of questions to ask both the band and Mr. Masen tomorrow night. I was nervous about this because of my slight crush on Edward and my liking of his music; I didn't want my preferences to come out in my article. Whether I liked what or who I was writing about I always tried to use impartiality and I didn't know if I could pull that one off this time but I was going to give it my best effort.The hour long soak in my bathtub did nothing to ease my nerves about my assignment. The few hours spent cuddling those beautiful innocent little babies helped a little bit but they came right back as soon as I left the hospital. Helping my little brother pick out the 'perfect outfit to impress a magnificent drumess' helped a little bit until it was time to get ready myself.I stood in front of my bedroom mirror curling the last strand of my long dark brown hair before pulling a few strands back and clipping them with my gemstone covered hair clips. "You look amazing Bells, but you are going to be late for your interview if you don't get going." Seth said from my bedroom doorway.I smiled at him and nodded. "I know, Seth, I'm going." I told him as I took one last look in the mirror at the outfit I had chosen for tonight. I was wearing my blue skinny jeans that were ripped in some strategic places along with my white shirt that hung off of one shoulder with bell sleeves that reached my fingertips paired with my cowboy boots that I hadn't worn in over six months. I wore them the last time I had visited my dad because it always rained in the upper northwest. I wore no jewelry except for my dangly angel wing earrings and the clips in my hair if you could count those. I grabbed my purse that contained all the normal junk along with my notebook for note taking, pens, recorder and passes.I kissed Seth on the cheek as I walked past him on my way out of the apartment. "See you at 7:30.""Yep, I'll be there." He called out just as I closed the door behind me.I was so happy that I had a press pass and a backstage pass that allowed me to park in the private parking lot where the tour busses and workers vehicles were parked. My nerves decided to make a final comeback as I put my car in park and turned it off. "Okay, Bella, get yourself together and go in there to do the job you love and are awesome at." I told myself as I grabbed my purse and climbed from my car heading for the security guard standing by the back entrance."Hi, I'm Isabella Swan with the Star City Journal and I have an interview with Masen and the Unforgettables." I told him as I dug my passes out of my purse handing them to him.He nodded and opened the door to another man that was insanely huge and without a word handed him my passes before shutting the door behind me. "Follow me." The huge man that was wearing a yellow jacket with 'SECURITY' written on the back of it down the hallway until he came to a stop in front of one of the doors that lined the hallway. I could hear the fans screaming and the introductory band playing as the man knocked twice on the door.The door suddenly opened and an auburn head of hair that belonged to the man who had graced my dreams multiple times over the past few years since he first graced the music world with his amazing soulful voice. "What's up, Bear?" He asked the security guard.The man grunted and passed my passes along to him before nudging me in the shoulder. "Reporter." He said before turning around and walking back down the hall without another word.I gritted my teeth to keep from correcting him that I was a journalist and not a reporter. A reporter broadcasted on television. I did NOT do that. I printed the truth in writing. "HI, I'm Isabella Swan." I said softly extending my hand to the man that stood there holding my passes.He smiled at me as he handed my passes back to me. "Nice to meet you, Isabella. I'm Edward. Please come in, all the guys are in the next room just hanging out. Would you like a snack or something before we start?" He asked as he shut the door behind him while motioning to the tables of food and drink that were scattered around the room we were standing in.I shook my head. "No, thanks though. Please call me Bella." I said quietly as I rung my hands together nervously."I think I prefer Isabella. Come on." He said heading into the next room where I could hear the other band members laughing and talking with each other. "I'll introduce you to everybody."I followed him into the room and was stunned to see all the band members just chilling out around the room. I smiled at them as they noticed me. "Okay, you probably know Hannah. I think she gets more attention than we do for being the only girl in the band." He said playfully as he pointed to the black haired young woman sat beating her drumsticks against her legs that were draped over the edge of the chair she sat in.He finished introducing all the guys around the room but shocked me thoroughly when he picked a baby up the bass player, Nick. "This is the newest member of the band, little Garrett." He said as he tickled the baby's stomach causing him to cackle and swing his arms and legs wildly as Edward held him.I couldn't stop myself from reaching over and grabbing the babies hand in mine. "He's beautiful.""Thanks, Isabella." Nick's wife, Amber, said as Edward handed the baby back to her.Edward led me to the only vacant chair in the room and I think it was the atmosphere in the room that made me pull my legs up into the chair with me. "Do you guys mind if I record this so I can get quotes and stuff right?" I asked pulling my recorder from my purse along with my notebook and pen.Everybody shook their head as Edward shocked the shit out of me by sitting on the arm of the same chair I was sitting in. "Do you mind if I prop up here?" He asked quietly.I shook my head and pressed the record button on my recorder. "Okay, Hannah, I guess we will start with you since you are the only girl in a band full of guys. I know the most commonly asked question is how do you cope with it so I am going to go in a different direction and ask: What do you do when you are in a hotel room by yourself or at home on a break?" I asked her which caused her to smile and the guys to groan."In all honesty I probably do what any other young woman would do were she surrounded by six men daily for months at a time, lived with them, worked with them, and played with them. I usually take a long soak in a huge bathtub then put on as few clothes as possible and enjoy my quiet time to myself. Now, if a guy were to join me then it would be balls to the wall sex all night long." She said with a smile which caused all the guys to groan and shake their heads.I laughed at her honest response. "Have you ever thought about dating one of these guys?" I asked her quietly.Everybody in the room laughed and I felt like I was missing out on something. "These idiots? No way. These guys are like my brothers while Nick and Amber are like my parents. That's just gross."I laughed as I realized that they were all like a family. "Nick and Amber, how do you guys cope with being parents, band manager, and band member?" I asked them as they sat on the floor playing with a gorgeous little girl and Garrett.Amber scooped the little girl into her lap. "It's hard but we manage right now. Growing up I never dreamed that I would be raising my kids on a tour bus and visiting a different city every night. I always wanted the house with the big backyard, a dog or two, and a nine to five job but I guess God had something different planned for me. We spend as much time at our ranch in Montana as possible to let the kids have some normalcy in their lives. It's easy right now because they aren't in school but we will cross that bridge when we get there. Mia is only two so we have a few years yet." She said as she tickled the little girl's side causing her to squeal out playfully.The interview continued until there was a knock on the door announcing that they had 30 minutes before going on stage and needed to get ready. "Thanks guys for the interview." I told them as I shook each of their hands.Edward didn't shake my hand, instead he walked me back into the refreshments room to the same door I had come in through two hours earlier. "Where do you want to do the one on one interview at?" Edward asked me with his hand on the door handle.I shrugged my shoulders as we stood in front of the exit door. "It doesn't matter to me. I can go all over this town and not get recognized. Can you?" I asked him with a raised eyebrow.He laughed shaking his head. "Not likely. Can you come to my hotel room after the concert? We have a some stuff to do in town for the next few days so we are staying downtown at the Hotel Palomar." He explained.I nodded. "Okay, I know where that is. I actually live about 10 minutes from there. I can just meet you there after the concert." I told him as I clipped my passes to the hem of my shirt on my waist.He shook his head. "Are you staying for the concert?"I smiled and nodded. "Yeah my brother is actually waiting out front for me. Why?""Good, can you just wait for me after the concert and we can go over to the hotel together?" He asked me quietly."Whatever is easiest for you, Edward. I'm up for anything." I told him and immediately felt my cheeks flame at how that statement could be regarded. I quickly slapped my hands to my face in embarrassment.He took a step forward and stroked a finger over my bare shoulder. "Don't be embarrassed, Isabella. You are a beautiful girl." He whispered softly into my ear causing me to shiver. "I will see you after the concert. My dressing room is three doors down from this door on the right. I will tell Bear that you are allowed in there."I nodded with my face still covered by my hands. "Okay." I croaked as I turned around to squeeze out the door.The concert was amazing. The energy from both the band and the crowd was astounding. "She's so hot, Bells." Seth sighed next to me as we watched the band woo the crowd.I just laughed and shook my head as I watched Edward sing softly into the microphone as he walked along the edge of the stage touching the hands of numerous girls and guys that were reaching up to him. He stopped right in front of me as he squatted down and sang the next verse to me while holding his hand out for mine. I placed my hand in his with a huge smile on my face as Seth screamed in my ear."...And I keep wondering when you'll see. Maybe eventually. Old man on a front porch swing looking back on his long life, glass of iced tea in his hand, other arm around his wife..."I closed my eyes and smiled before opening them to look him in the eyes as he placed a gentle kiss to my knuckles before going back to his spot center stage. I fanned myself as I practically collapsed against Seth while I watched Edward's every move."That was so hot, Bells." Seth whispered in my ear as he wrapped his arm around my shoulders.All I could do was not in agreement. The rest of the concert flew by as Edward and the rest of the band wooed the crowd with their music and soulful voices."Okay, we have one big surprise for everybody here tonight." Edward said as the concert was winding down which caused the entire arena to scream in excitement.He held his hand up to quieten everybody down as he chuckled into the microphone. "We have a special guest with us tonight. Ms. Isabella is here from the local Star City Journal to do an inside report on the band and I figured we would give her her money's worth. What do you guys say?" He said as he winked in my direction.I thought I was going to faint as I felt all the blood in my body rushing to my face and chest in embarrassment. "Oh God." I groaned as I leaned into Seth's chest."Okay okay. Well, the surprise is a never before heard song written and sung by our little Miss Hannah Grey." He said as he motioned for Hannah to come center stage.I smiled as she ducked her head before standing and tucking her drumsticks into her ass end pocket as she walked to Edward holding her hand out for the microphone. He placed a sweet kiss to the top of her head before making his way to the piano that was sat on stage. The crowd was going wild...including Seth who I thought was going to die from lack of oxygen from all the screaming he was doing.Hannah held her hand up just like Edward had done and the crowd quieted down considerably as Edward started a piano tune which made Hannah smile and hold her head up high as the most incredible voice I had heard in a long time belted around the arena causing complete silence in the crowd. You could have heard a pin drop in the crowd while Hannah sang and Edward played the piano and the rest of the guys just stood by with smiles on their faces.Once she was finished singing she bowed said "Thank you" and quickly raced into Edward's open arms as he swung her around in her excitement. I hugged Seth as I watched the band start to do their exit routine by going around introducing themselves to the crowd."I've gotta get backstage. I don't know what time I will be home because I still have my solo interview to do with Edward Masen." I said into his ear so he could hear me.He pulled back from me smiling and nodding. "Okay, don't do anything I wouldn't do, Bells." He said as I walked away towards Edward's private dressing room.
