Disclaimer: I do not own the Characters. All rights belong to the talented, lovely, S.M.*This is my first attempt at any fanfiction. I have been reading on this site for a few months now and thought I would try my hand at writing something. I have a different profile for my readings.* "Do we really have to go to this thing?" I complain to my mother, slipping into the small black mini-dress she had gotten me a few months ago. I told her I would never have a reason to wear it. Well not until now. Usually I wouldn't complain about going to Alice's house for a dinner. Tonight was different. Carlisle and Esme invited all of us over because they're son was coming home for the summer.He had decided to take a break from grueling college life, a semester free since he hasn't had an actual summer in almost two years. In a town like Forks, Washington everyone knows everyone. So of course, we already knew their son, Edward. I didn't see why we had to go to this dinner; it seemed like more of a family occasion. Then again, we're basically like family. Esme is practically my second mom, and Carlisle a second father. Still, we could have waited a week before actually seeing Edward. I wouldn't have minded waiting."Bella, what do we do with the Cullen's every single Friday night?" My mom, Renee, used her best disapproving voice. I rolled my eyes knowing there was a lecture coming. "We go to their house, we eat dinner, we sit around the fireplace and talk. Now, if Esme and Carlisle want us to come over tonight for their home coming party for Edward we will be there. You will not complain about this, finish getting ready. We're leaving in twenty minutes."I gave a sigh but knew it was pointless to argue. We were going to this dinner one way or another no matter how much I wanted to stay away from Edward. It wasn't like Edward and I hated each other, we just never particularly got along. I finished applying the usual amount of make-up and decided tonight I was going to do something with my hair. It wasn't anything extravagant, my waist length brown hair ended up falling perfectly straight, not a curl, or wave in sight. Twenty-five minutes later I was ready. I noticed the slight eye roll my mother gave as she grabbed her purse.Most people say I am a splitting image of my mother. If you were to put a photo from her in her teenage years, and a picture of myself side by side, you would see the same girl, only in a different decade. I've got her looks, and Charlie's attitude. Not a bad way to go if you ask me. While Renee is more up tight, and she always seems to be stressing over something, I am more laid back, and shy. I climbed in the back seat of the small Dodge Neon, as we silently made our way to the Cullen house."Did you hear, Edward is bringing home a few of his college friends?" My mother gossiped to Charlie. He only looked at me in the rearview mirror sternly. I knew that look."No I didn't. All boys I assume?" My father looked back at me yet again making me roll my eyes. Charlie didn't want me dating until I was out of his house. That made two of us, the last thing I wanted to do was bring a boy home to meet Charlie, the chief of police. I'm sure he would make sure to be "cleaning" his gun when I brought them over."He just needs a break from his hectic life. His friends needed a break. What better place to take a break than Forks? It's quite and peaceful here," my mother rambled on about how she felt like they deserved some kid time before they graduated. I tuned her out after she started talking about how much she would miss me when I left for college. I haven't even started my senior year yet."Looks like they're not back from the airport yet," I mused only seeing Alice's sleek black Mercedes. "I'm going to go see Alice." I got out of the car walking into the mansion-sized house not bothering to knock. Esme peaked her head out of the kitchen giving a smile."Carlisle is on his way back with the boys," she announced walking over to me embracing me in a hug. Esme, is the more tender, loving one out of the two of them. While Carlisle is laid back  much more than my parents  he still knows the line between being laid back and being a parent. Esme is more of the kids will be kids and they're going to make mistakes. I'm going to love you no matter what happens. Carlisle would have no problem cutting you off if you did something tremendously stupid. "Alice is up in her room." She whispered in my ear giving me my get away."So," Alice said putting on her ruby-red lipstick. "You are staying the night. After dinner we're going to the beach house with Edward, and his friends," she glanced me up and down. "Wait a hot minute, did you dress yourself?""Alice, I can look decent once in a while." She wasn't use to me actually dressing up. Most of the time I was in jeans and some stupid band-tee shirt. Alice and I were total opposites, which is what made us such great friends. Because while we were opposites, we shared a lot in common. Alice circled me like a shark before tilting her head to the side."The grasshopper is learning." She placed her hands over her mouth like she was in complete shock before we busting out in a fit of giggles. "Only word of advice, you've got great lips," she handed me her red-lipstick. "Show them off." I put the lip-stick on to keep Alice happy."So what is this about hanging out with Edward?" Alice rolled her eyes at the way I seemed to hiss his name."We're going to the beach house with him and his friends. We're telling your parents we're in need of our annual girls slumber party." The last thing I wanted to do was hang out with Edward."Alice, do we have to? You know your brother and I don't exactly get along.""Bella, I know you and my brother didn't use to get along. People change. They grow." She pursed her lips. "Look, college has matured him. He's a great guy. I mean, he still has his moments, but you know he is still Edward." I narrowed my eyes at her."Is his little 'club' over?" Alice shrugged her shoulders."I told you once I wouldn't ever pick sides. So I don't. You're problem with my brother is yours entirely. I agree what he did was fucked, but by the same token, you knew who he was. He's my brother and he's home for the summer. You're going to put on your big girl panties and get over the fact that we will be hanging out with him." She crossed her arms against her chest. I gave an audible sigh and fell back onto her bed. I was just going to have to get over it because there was no way Alice was for fitting her time with her brother. Jerk or not, she loved him."How do I just He's just" Alice placed her hand over mine."I know." She calmed me. "He's always going to mean something to you because he was your first. You're always going to hold a slight grudge because he treated you like shit after he got what he wanted. He's not who he was in high school, Bells." I swallowed the lump in my throat. I thought when he left that was going to be it. It was stupid of me to think that seeing as how I am Alice's best friend."Alice Brandon Cullen!" We heard Esme yell from the kitchen. We looked at each other, her lips turning into an ear-to-ear smile as she jumped out of her bed. "Get your butt down here now!" Alice grabbed my hand pulling me up from the bed."One last piece of advice. Show him what he's missing, you look hot." She giggled running down the stairs without another word. I followed her seeing Esme being hugged by a set of arms I had memorized.I glanced him up and down once, he was taller, and more muscular, but over all he looked the same. Edward still had that goofy, lopsided grin, his bronze hair still had a mind of its own, and his body was still magnificent. I looked to the other two boys in the room seeing them awkwardly stand there."Eddie!" Alice shrieked running up to him. He instantly wrapped his arms around her."Hey Ali," he said with a chuckle in his throat. "How's high school treating ya?" There was a teasing edge in his voice. Alice only responded with a smack in the chest. Edward's eyes scanned the room for the first time seeing Charlie, and Renee. His eyes seemed to be searching for something, and then his emerald eyes locked on mine. He gave my favorite crooked grin before looked me up and down."Bella, are you going to ask?" Alice nudged my hip making all eyes turn to me. Alice knew how much I loved being the center of attention."Ask what?" Renee questioned raising her eyebrow."Uhm. Alice wanted to know if I can stay the night? We need to have our annual slumber party. You know, Alice, Rose, Jessica, Angela, Lauren, and me all crash out here for the weekend." I explained refusing to meet Charlie's eyes."I don't see a problem with that. Do you, Hun?" Renee looked over to Charlie."Be home by Monday at nine," he said carefully. Alice clapped her hands together linking her arm through mine."Edward, don't be rude," Esme scolded pointing to the two boys still standing close to the door. Perhaps they were looking for the best exit route."Oh shit," he gave a sheepish smile when Esme threw him daggers with her eyes. "This is Jasper," he motioned to the boy with the shoulder length dirty blonde hair, "and this is Emmett," he motioned to the boy with the muscular body. He looked as if he were a professional wrestler. Intimidating.Everyone went around making introductions. Alice immediately went up and gave them each a hug and a kiss on the cheek before she returned to my side. Within the next forty minutes we were all gathered around the dinner the room filled with the boys sharing everything about college and how each of them loved being independent and getting an education. I'm assuming the stories we got were only the PG rated stories. No doubt, there were some better stories than those of how amazing the education experience was.So, thoughts? Good, great, bad, terrible? Tell me what you thought about this with a review! They make me smile. *This hasn't had all that much editing, so if you find typo's I do apologize.*
