AN: Anybody remember me? Hi. :)Halfway to AnywhereChapter 1"Is this all for ya?"I nod at the cashier, whose name tag reads Max, and place the small bag of potato chips on the counter. It's not exactly a healthy lunch, but it's the best I can do with the change in my pocket. As he rings me up, I glance at the candy bar display and consider grabbing a Snickers for dinner.Max won't notice. I mean, he never has before.I peek at the line forming behind me. I like this little convenient store because it's on the outskirts of town and doesn't usually have a lot of customers. But today is Saturday, and clearly my timing is crap, because the place is crowded. Too crowded to snatch the chocolate without getting busted."You need a nickel," Max tells me.I shake my head. "I bought this same bag of chips last week and it was exactly eighty-six cents.""Price changed, kid. You owe me a nickel."Embarrassed, I pretend to search my empty pockets. A normal eighteen-year-old girl would rush out to her car and dig in the cup holder for some spare change, but I'm not a normal girl.There is no car, and there's definitely no spare change.The customers grow restless behind me. I know the longer I stand here, the more attention I'm going to get.The last thing I want is attention."That's all I have," I whisper."Sorry, kid." Max places the bag of potato chips out of my reach and motions toward the next customer.With my head bowed, I step aside. I'm almost to the door when a voice stops me in my tracks."Are you serious? You're not giving her a bag of chips because she's a nickel short?"I should keep walking, but I'm not used to having someone defend me, so I turn toward the voice. It's a guy, wearing a black leather jacket and jeans. He's probably close to my age, and he's glaring at Max with a stare so intense that it causes goosebumps to erupt on my skin."It's a nickel. Five cents. You can't spare five cents?"A few of the customers shuffle their feet and look at the ceiling. Others murmur their agreement that it's "only a nickel." The rest are staring right at me, their eyes filled with pity as they take in my worn sneakers and threadbare jacket.It's official. I'll never be able to show my face in Max's store again. I'm memorable now, and the last thing a shoplifter wants to be is memorable.Max smirks. "Son, I'm here to make money, not give it away.""Give the girl the chips.""Not happening."Suddenly, the guy reaches into his jacket and pulls out a handgun. The customers scream, and everyone hits the floor.Everyone but me."Give her the chips, old man. Better yet, give her everything in the register."People continue to scream. A few kids start to cry. The thief tells everyone to calm down. That he won't hurt anyone as long as they cooperate."And reaching for your cell phone is the opposite of cooperating," he warns them.I should be petrified, but I'm not.I'm fascinated.Max moves with lightning speed, filling the plastic shopping bag with the money in the register. The guy's voice is soft but firm, and the way he holds the gun assures me this isn't his first hold-up."Don't forget the chips," he says.Max quickly stuffs the chips into the bag and hands it to the guy. As he rushes for the door, he stops right in front of me.And he smiles."Comin' with me?"He has no way of knowing it, but at this moment, I'd follow him anywhere.
