A Love Like OursA/N This a new story that I have been working on so please enjoy. Beta'd by Heather SpauldingAll the twilight characters and sayings belong to Stephenie Meyer.SummaryBella is a Drama Student in UCLA. Edward Cullen is an up and coming actor. When these two meet on the set of his new movie, sparks begin to fly. What does this mean for their current boyfriend and girlfriend back home? E/B pairing eventually. Rated M for Language and Lemons. Chapter 1BPOVWednesday,14th August 2013I remember the day I received the news that I got a full scholarship to the UCLA Drama school. It had been the greatest day of my life. For as long as I could remember, I had only wanted to work on a movie set. Whether it was in front of a camera or behind it didn't make any difference to me. The only downside was leaving my father behind in dreary old Forks to move to sunny LA. My mother had left us when I was only five years old, I don't remember anything about her except what the gossips in the small town of Forks had told me.According to them, my mother had tricked my father into marrying her by getting pregnant with me. But when she had found out that he didn't have any money, she had up and left us without a word and never looked back. That had been fourteen years ago. From that day forward my dad had been my best friend, he was everything to me. He told me every day that he was proud of me, but I wanted to show him that his faith in me was deserved."Bella, are you ready to go," my dad yelled up the stairs. I took one last look around my room, it looked so empty without my personal belongings. I sighed as I picked up the last of my bags and walked down the stairs to where my father was waiting by my car.I shoved the last of my bags into the VW that my dad had bought me as a graduation present. He told me that if I was going to drive to LA, I needed something better then the red chevy truck that he had bought me when I was in Junior high from his best friend, Billy Black. It was through his best friend that I had met my long term boyfriend, Jacob Black. I was lucky that we shared the same interests and that he was also attending UCLA on a partial scholarship.I turned to face my dad and saw that he had tears falling from his eyes. Charlie Swan was a man that rarely showed any emotion or let it get the better of him, but when it did it showed how much he was struggling."I'm gonna miss you, Belly bean," he said emotionally."I'm gonna miss you too daddy," I answered, my tears matching his as I hugged him tightly. He pulled away and opened the door for me."You should get going," he said. I nodded and got in the driver's side of the car, closing the door before fastening my seat belt. I rolled down the window to say goodbye one last time."Make sure that you ring me when you get to the campus," he requested."Yes, I will daddy. I love you and I will see you soon," I said as I turned on the engine and pulled out of the driveway.Driving out of Forks was the hardest thing I had done in my life. The tears continued to flow as I passed every landmark in town that linked with many of the memories I had from growing up.It took four hours to drive to Seattle and I stopped at a small cafe for a sandwich and a coffee so that I could recharge myself before taking a look at my road map.From the look at things, it would take twenty hours to drive straight through to LA. The best thing to do would be to break my trip up and drive for the next five hours before finding a place to sleep near Eugene.After at least a five hour sleep, I could get back on the road early and drive the eleven hours to Big Sur to another hotel. If I kept to that schedule, I should arrive in Los Angeles at a decent hour Friday.I smiled to myself as I got back into my VW and drove towards my new life.*~ALLO~*Well here I am, it took two days, twenty four hours, a lot of fast food and a numberous cups of coffee to get there, but I had finally made it.I took the letter containing move in day information to find out where I was going. I started to drive around the campus looking for the my dorm. I finally found it when I saw a number of students moving into the building.I got out of the car and walked in through the entrance to find a girl of medium height with long brown hair and dark glasses. She finished talking to the girl in front of me before turning towards me."Hi! My name is Angela Weber. What is your name," she asked."My name is Isabella Swan," I smiled. She nodded as she looked through a big stack of brown envelopes before pulling one out."Oh, here it is! You are in Dykstra Hall, room 432. Your roommate Alice Brandon, has already checked in. Inside this envelope you will find your key card as well as your pass card for the canteen, library, computer labs, and any other facility you wish to go to on campus. I would also like to inform you that I am you RA. If you need anything, day or night, you can find me in room 422," she smiled.I nodded before grabbing a trolley and going back out to my car. Once I had the trolley full, I went back into the building and was relieved to see an elevator. At least now I wouldn't have to drag all my boxes up two flights of stairs.Once I managed to roll the trolley out of the elevator, I took a look around and quickly found room 432. Just as I was about to put my key card in, the door flew open to reveal a very hyper, pixie like girl with short spiky hair."Oh my, oh my, you must be Isabella. I'm Alice Brandon, your roommate. Oh I know that we are going to be the best of friends," she bounced. I had to laugh at the sight of her, she looked like a little energize bunny."Hi! Yes my name is Isabella but I prefer to be called Bella," I said.She giggled as she pushed me to one side and rolled my trolley full of boxes inside the dorm room."Aren't these things handy? I honestly thought that I would have to drag all my belongings up the stairs, but instead with the elevator, I managed to only make three trips. Oh I am so excited to see you here. Let me help you unpack," she said in a single breath.Note to self, only stock decaff coffee. If she was like this now, I didn't want to even imagine what she would be like with caffeine.We just starting unpacking everything and Alice was having the time of her life, going through my wardrobe. Since she was side tracked, I thought now would be a good time to bring the trolley back down to the lobby before ringing Charlie. I just about to put the trolley with the others when someone put their hands over my eyes."Surprise baby," Jacob cooed into my ear. I took his hands away from my eyes, turned around, and smashed my lips to his."Jacob, you're here! When did you get here," I grinned against his lips.He smiled as he pressed his lips to mine once more."I just got here last night. I am staying in Hedrick Hall, my dorm-room is great. My roommate, Jared is the bomb. We already have his 50inch plasma screen TV wired for cable," he said excitedly.I took one look around and realised that I hadn't contacted him when I got there."Jake, how did you know where I was," I asked. He looked back at me and threw me his cocky grin that I love so much."I didn't know. I was exploring the campus when I saw your car outside, so I decided to come in and check to see if you were here," he explained."Well I don't care how you found out. All I care is that you are here now! What do you want to do," I asked.He pretended to think for a second before answering."How about I go get us a pizza and meet you back at your room in thirty minutes," he suggested."Alice, my roommate, will be there," I said."Don't worry babe, I will get enough for us all. I will see you in thirty," he said before giving me a peck on the cheek and turning to walk out. He took two steps before turning back around to throw me a questioning look."Room 432," I laughed, knowing exactly what he was about to ask."Thanks love, see you in a while. Love you," he grinned before leaving.I was so happy that we were attending UCLA together. Even though I was a film major and Jacob was a Theatre major, I knew that we would find the time to be together. I couldn't help but smile as I went back up to my room.As soon as I walked in, I knew everything was sorted. My side of the dorm was just too neat. I could hear Alice talking on her cell, so I checked out my closet. It looked like Alice managed to hang everything up in the few minutes I was gone. With nothing else to do except go through my box of books, I took out my cell phone and pressed speed dial 2 to connect automatically to Dad."Hello Belly bean," he said after two rings."Hi Daddy, just a quick ring to tell you that I got here safely," I said."That's good but I must admit that this house is awfully quiet and lonely without you," he said sadly."I know Daddy and I miss you too, but I need to do this. I can't exactly have my cake and eat it too," I explained."I know that Belly bean and I couldn't be more proud of you. By the way, Billy was here earlier and he told me that Jacob got there yesterday. Did you see him yet?""Yes Dad and he is coming back in a while with pizza," I said."Well sweetheart, I won't take up any more of your time. Tell Jake that I said hello and Belly bean, don't be a stranger. Check in with me once in a while," he said. "I will Daddy, I love you.""I love you too Belly Bean," he answered before hanging up the phone. As I heard the dial tone, I felt a sudden wave of sadness, but that evaporated when I heard Alice calling me."Bella, I was just talking to my boyfriend Jasper and he asked for us both to meet him at De Neve Plaza for a late dinner," she yelled. But I shook my head."No thanks Alice. I appreciate the invite but my boyfriend is coming in a minute with a pizza. Maybe another time," I said.She nodded as she browsed through her closet, looking through her clothes."What's your boyfriend's name," she asked."Jacob Black. His father is my father's best friend. I have known Jacob since I was eleven years old and we have been dating since we were fifteen," I said.She was about to say something else when there was a knock on the door. I smiled as I opened it and there stood Jacob, a large pizza and a six pack of soda in his hands."Hi, did somebody order a pizza," he chuckled as I stepped aside to allow him to enter the room. He placed the pizza on the table, along with the six pack of soda before wrapping his arms around me and pressing his lips to my neck."MMmmmmmm, I have missed this. Two weeks apart is too long," he mumbled as he placed open mouthed kisses on my collar bone. I completely forgot about Alice, until I heard a throat clearing behind us."I suppose this is Jacob," she giggled and I nodded."Yes this is Jacob. Jacob this is Alice, my roommate," I introduced."Nice to meet you Alice. Please help yourself to pizza, there is plenty," he smiled."No thank you, I won't intrude on your little reunion. I will just go and meet Jasper. Don't do anything I wouldn't do," she said as she opened the door. Just as she was about to walked through it, she turned around with a huge grin on her face."Or don't do anything I would," she said, wiggling her eyebrows before leaving. I couldn't help but giggle into Jacob's neck as he grinned after her. She was really great, I knew that I was going to enjoy been her roommate and friend.Love it/Hate it?What do you think of Alice/ Jacob/ Charlie?Please review and let me know your thoughts. I will try to update this story once a week. you can find me on twitter robsessed1973 or on Facebook Fiona Mckelvey KeenanEdward will be next
