So as you all can see I deleted 'Tattoos and Suits', I just was not feeling the story so I've started this one and feel much more confident about it. Hope you understand and enjoy reading the new story.Chapter 1"Finished," I smiled looking at my client, Marisa, through my mirror "you look amazing." She pulled some of her long brown curls forward and smiled. I grabbed her small veil and placed it in the tiny bump I made."I love it, thank you so much Bella it looks absolutely stunning." Marisa smiled "I can't believe the day is finally here, I'm getting married." She stood and gave me a huge smile "Thanks for this," she went over to her vanity and wrote me a check."Have a wonderful day, it's going to be special." I smiled taking the check from her and slipping it inside my purse. I cleaned up all my hairspray, curling irons and bobby pins and hauled it all t my car. "Call Alice," I said to my car so it would pick up over bluetooth.The phone rang a couple times and my best friend's tiny voice came in through the car "Well hello there beautiful darling," Alice said "how was your appointment?""Fine, she looked stunning and glowing." I mumbled "Hey are we still getting sushi tonight because I am starving." I stopped at a red light and looked at the sky as it started to turn grey. "It's gonna rain.""Yeah I know, why don't we just order pizza. You know I hate getting dressed up and then it raining on me. I'll order a large, pineapple and peppers sound good?"My stomach growled at the thought. "That sounds-" I was stopped short when my car was suddenly shot forward from someone crashing into the back of my car.My beautiful Mercedes-Benz sat at Wilburns's Auto Repair looking sat with no bumper. "Ms. Swan," A tall man with tattoos covering both arms and wearing a white tank approached me holding a clip board "you have the Mercedes correct?" I nodded "Damage isn't bad at all."I sighed "Thank god, how much is this going to cost me?" I looked up at the mechanic."A hundred, maybe a hundred and thirty nothing more than that. You should have it back in a week probably." I scratched the top of my head, it could have been worse."Okay," I said looking up into his green eyes, he had to be about six foot two "I'll just pay when I come get it, is that fine?""Yeah, I'm Edward by the way I'll be working on your car. Here's my card," he pulled it out of his back pocket and handed it to me "if you have any concerns then just let me know."Alice pulled into the parking lot and honked "Thank you Edward, I'm Bella by the way." I said shaking his hand. I climbed into Alice's car and slumped back into my seat "I won't have a car for a week, the bumper fell off and the mechanic was really hot.""Only you would be concerned about your car and checking out the mechanic at the same time." Alice laughed "But are you okay, you weren't hurt or anything were you?""No I just want to go home and take a bubble bath, maybe call my sister." Alice rambled on the entire ride back to our apartment and when we pulled in I told her I was tried and just wanted to be alone. I made myself a bubble bath and slowly sank down into the huge tub, I reached for my phone and dialed my little sister, Renesmee's cell number."Bonjour," Renesmee answered on the second ring "is this my beautiful older sister calling me?""Why yes this is," I smiled "how is my annoying little sister.""Oh you know just living the life right now finished senior year like a boss." I laughed "No god high school fucking sucks, why didn't you tell me senior year was going to be this fucking horrible.""I wanted you to find out for yourself, just think in about two weeks it's going graduation and than summer. Have you told the parents that you're going to Washington State?""I managed to get the mail before they did when I got my acceptance letter and I've just kept it on the down-low. They some think I'm going to NYU still and they're going to flip a shit when they see in the graduation pamphlet that Washington State is next to my name not NYU.""Can I ask why you picked Washington State?""Because they it's far from mom and dad and closer to you, like twenty minutes close to you. Enough about me, how was your day today?""Well my car got hit so I'll be without it for a week. I did a brides hair today and she looked so amazing.""Your car got hit, are you okay?""I'm fine," I told her "my mechanic was hot. But other then that I'm just relaxing in a bubble bath and chatting with you. I'm going to have to take the bus tomorrow.""That sounds like an adventure." she said "Listen I'm going to go be a teenager and sneak out of the house and break some rules so I'll call you later, love you.""Love you too, be safe and walk on the right side of the stairs, they make less noise." I smiled and hung up.Fuck I was so late, really fucking late. I ran around my apartment looking for my bag full of my curling irons, flat irons and hairspray. I needed them for work this morning and they also had my comb and scissors in them. I stopped in the middle of the living room, my car ohmygod my stuff was still in my car. I ran over to my purse and pulled out the card I received from the mechanic."Hello? Oh god thank you for answering, hi I was there yesterday you have my car, the Mercedes-Benz. I left my work stuff in my car am I able to come up and get it?" I asked quickly."Um I guess," he answered."Thank you so much, I should be there in ten minutes I have to take the bus!" I said and hung up. I grabbed my black sweater and red Michael Kors bag and ran to catch the bus. I sat alone in the back and texted Alice.Heading to Wilburns, let my work stuff in trunk -BellaTypical Bella, I'm going out with someone from work tonight so I might be home late. -Alice Lucky girl, so I'm guessing that it'll just be Nextflix and I tonight -BellaRich bitch go online shop ;) -AliceThe bus stopped and I walked out, the sky above turned gray and I knew that today was going to drag. I went as fast as I could to the repair shop in my Louboutin black pumps. All the garage doors were up and I walked right inside, a couple of guys were working on cars and staring at me. "Hi, I'm looking for Edward..""Right here," He popped around the corner with no shirt on. His chest and torso were covered in tattoos and in some odd way it really turned me on. "is this you were wanting?" He held up both of my black bags."Yes," I thanked him "I should get going I have to go downtown." I situated the bags on my arms and turned to leave."Do you want a ride?" he said when I was almost outside "It's going to rain and downtown is pretty far." I took a deep breath and smiled."That would be awesome," He held up a finger and disappeared. When he returned he had a blue tee shirt on and motioned for me to follow him behind the shop. He helped me place my stuff into the back of his lifted truck and started the engine. "Uh Mark Anthony Salon.""That big fancy place with the all glass windows?" Edward asked pulling out of the parking lot. I nodded a yes "I've always seen it when I go downtown, always looked real fancy. I see it has a dress code," He looked at my black jeans, black tank and black sweater."It pays well so I can't complain.""Are the hours good?"I shrugged "Sometimes but today I work eight," I looked at the dashboard as it flashed nine "to six because some girls asked off for today so I'm taking on extra clients for the day plus I'm doing a girls hair for prom and I'm late.""Sounds stressful," He laughed and stopped at a red light. He flipped on the car radio and we stayed silent for the rest of the ride. When he pulled up in front of my work I smiled at him."Seriously thank you so much, you have no idea how much you've helped me." I jumped out of his truck and waved at him before I headed to a shitty day of work."Prom is this week," Renesmee told me over the phone while I sat in the back of the salon eating my packed lunch. "I think I'm going to wear this gold dress it's gorgeous.""It sounds pretty," I said taking a bite of my salad "when do finals start?""Next week, hell week. So this party last night was completely banging, it was all glow in the dark it was so raw. Plus Garrett was there and I wanted him to see what he was missing.""Why'd you two break up again?""Apparently I'm to much to handle," she sighed "it's whatever. It just sucked because I did really like him, and at the party last night he said he wanted to talk to me but I was a little tipsy and Rachel drove me home.""Maybe he want's to get back together?" I mumbled "Hearing your love life makes mine seeming pretty boring. I haven't been on a date since Mike, god he's a piece of shit.""But anyway mom and dad are already planning my graduation party, it's going to be the week after I graduate so we can get it out of the way. So mark your calendar and bring date.""Very funny little one, listen I need to get back to work I have a prom girl coming in here for a trial run so I need to go get set up. I'll text you later she I get home.""Love you," Renesmee shouted before I hung up. My next client came in with such a crazy demand for her prom hair it took two hours to make sure it was perfect, when finished she smiled and hugged me. I checked the clock and it was 5:54, I was off. I cleaned up my station and counted my tips, a solid three hundred dollars. I collected my bags and the rain was pouring down from the sky, when I stepped outside I noticed a red truck, Edward from the repair shop was parked there."Get in," he rolled down the window and shouted. I didn't hesitate, just climbed inside and sighed with the warmth that welcomed me."What are you doing here?" I asked"You said what time you got off and I didn't want you having to wait for the bus in the rain." He pulled way from the curb "Where too?""The RidgeWood Apartments," I set my bags on the floor "thank you.""No problem, look I haven't eaten I missed lunch so do you wanna eat with me? There is a pizza place right by where you live do you care to join me?" I shrugged "Alright then." The ride was silent and when we got to the Mellow Mushroom we got out o his car."I've lived in my apartment for three years and have never seen this place.""My brother found it, it's really tasty my brother found it one day and swears it's the best pizza place in town." Edward got us a table and the waiter took our drink orders, I got water while Edward got beer. "No beer?""I don't drink," I told him"Why?" I shrugged "A conversation for another time I guess." He order a pizza topped with peppers, olives and chicken. "How was work?""Good, long but good." I looked at him "Do you always pick up your clients from work and take them to pizza?""Nope just you." he smiled taking a bite of pizza "Listen it's raining and I would feel like an asshole if I didn't help you to work. Plus the buses are not clean and the wait is forever.""Well thank you, it's very nice of you." He smirked at me and took another bite. Edward finished eating and drove me back to my apartment "Thank you again, I'll see you when you finish my car.""See you later Ms. Swan," he smiledXOXO
