LAX, January 2018"Rob! Welcome Back!""Over here Rob! Over here!""Looking good man! Smile for the camera!"Flash Flash"Oh my god it's Robert Pattinson!"It has been exactly a year since I last stepped out of sunny LA. The paparazzi are still ruthless, merciless, like a pack of rabid dogs out to get you. It was just the way I remembered.I made my way through the throng at the arrival area, head down, hoodie up, sunglasses secured. A quick get away is more than I could hope for considering I don't have Dean with me right now. I should have called Nick that I was coming. Impromptu has been the theme of my life lately. Schedules that have nothing to do with work don't exist anymore. I've worked myself to the bone for as long as I can remember, the little chance of time I get, I spend it brooding back at Barnes.And now, now this."Mr. Pattinson! Can I have a picture with you please?" A little girl with her mom sidled up right next to me, I almost didn't see her with the lights blinding me, but I did the obligatory smile and looked up to her mom's camera. "Thank you!" she said, and I continued on my way.I tried to avoid LA for the past year as much as possible, but working for the industry means this is home base. Nick sure did had a hard time making everything work out, like I begged him to. He has to do it, I rarely demand for anything. This past year, he just proved to me that as an A-list, it is possible to get everything you want. Saying yes or no to projects, meeting directors, securing auditions, signing brand contracts, disappearing from the limelight and living like a hermit for a few months and delaying everybody's schedule, and all the little foibles I've gotten myself into lately, Nick smoothed it all out.But this, this wasn't in the plan. Nick was supposed to fix this.Flash Flash"Oh come on Rob! Just one smile!" The papz were trying to block the exit, but airport security was quick in detouring him to another one. Hopefully the car company delivered his ride like he requested last-minute on the plane.He was having one of those melancholy days 3 months ago when Nick sent him the next batch of project suggestions from the office. He usually gets them on break time and like a professional he allots some of his time perusing it, considering and rejecting some. He sends his reviews back and wait for any development. Vacation after all is vacation and he rarely gets some alone time. The last batch though was a surprise, one project was totally unexpected, it was listed on Additional meaning it was one of those offers that are non-movies, commercials, charity related and such.But that one, the one that caught his attention was the reason why he was here today."Your car's over here sir" the security guy waved me over to the black Lexus on the curb which was already waiting for me. I wasted no time in entering, there was no looking back.I'm back in LA again.
