AN: Hello everyone. I am coming back to Twilight after a long time. This is a story about Alec and my OC. Hope you give it a try. I would really appreciate your support. Now since I haven't read every Twilight story out there so I apologize if my plot line is similar to someone's story. And if that happens please let me know immediately. I don't wanna be blamed for copying someone's work. Anyway, since I have already posted this chapter, a few of you must have come across this story already. I am going to change some stuffs in the story. Specially the name of the OC. So please don't get confused who already read chapter three and waiting for chapter four. In the end, of course I do not own Twilight or it's characters. And we all know who does. Please review and let me know about the story. Thank you. Chapter 1: The PilotFive Years Ago..."It's still alive. Hurry up! Hurry up!" "How's it even possible?" "Will you just SHUT UP and hurry up. Give me the scalpel" The surgeons opened up a young woman's pregnant belly, a dead young woman's pregnant belly and pulled out a living breathing and bawling baby. The surgeons sighed in relief once the baby is out and safe. "It's a girl" the nurse announced. The baby is slowly stopping to cry as she got to breath in fresh air."It's a fucking miracle. How long has it been since the mother officially died?" asked one surgeon. "Almost twelve hours surgeon" informed the nurse. "This body actually came in for autopsy" said one surgeon. "This is impossible" said the young assistant surgeon. Still having a hard time believing the baby is alive. It's not like the mother's heart was still working or she had any advanced support system helping her keep the baby alive. She wasn't only brain dead. The mother was completely dead by brain and by heart. The baby should have died within three minutes."Well Billy, miracle happens in this operation theater every once in a while. But I must say this-" the senior surgeon took the baby from the nurse's hands and looked at it quite affectionately "This is a real miracle. Something I haven't witnessed in my entire career and believe me I've seen a lot of things in my life""Sir, what's going to happen to this baby now. Her mother is already dead and we don't even know this woman's name let alone anyone related to her" said a young nurse. She is feeling very sorry for the new born baby. Rumors have it that the woman was staying at a cheap motel room with fake name and ID. The cleaner found the body couple of hours later the woman died with the baby inside her. "Well in that case, she's going to live in an orphanage until a nice family adopts her" said the older surgeon sighing out heavily "We can only wish her the best. I have a feeling she is going to become something great one day. She is after all a miracle" "Can we at least name her?" asked the young nurse. She is feeling so attached with the baby already. If she could she would have adopted the baby herself. "Do you have a name in your mind?" asked the surgeon Billy. The nurse looked at the baby and thought of something for a moment. "Well since it's clear that she is a fighter and quite a strong one she is-""So?" asked Billy"So, I've a perfect name for her. Valerie. It means strong in Latin" explained the nurse. "I like Valerie. And she is indeed strong and healthy" said the senior surgeon. "Well Valerie it is then"
