Burning Beginnings Bella/JaneRated: MSummary: I couldn't help but breath in her intoxicating sent. Fire. Burning, raging fire that had destroyed any pain I had the moment I met her. Her fiery hands, never frozen like Edward's, creased my chin and led it back to the source of the raging lust as I kissed her with the passion I felt. All I could think of was how I gave in to the fire, once a single flame, that melted my heart.Set in New Moon before Jacob and Bella get's close.I would like to ask for a Beta reader in this project. Please contact me if your interested. :D I want to thank everyone for reading! Please review.I was having a nightmare like I have every night since he left. The odd thing was, in the middle of the terrible dream I was having, it stopped at the image of Victoria about to jump off the tree in my yard. The image didn't just stop, it was like when film is cut on a film reel, and it just keeps repeating the same image over and over again. If I where awake, I would be glad that the nightmare ended, but since I was still expecting a nightmare my heart thumped loudly.This nightmare usually continues with Victoria jumping off the tree and walking up to Charlie in the kitchen. She drains him slowly and laughs at me. She says now even Charlie left me, and moves his mouth like he's saying "I never loved you Bella." and repeats Edward. I was relieved the nightmare didn't go that far. It was one of the worse ones.I waited for a few seconds before glaring at Victoria's head. Her mate died. She was lucky that her mate didn't leave her. When she dies she'll get to be with him. Even after I die he'll be forever young. He doesn't even want me. Victoria has it lucky. All I want is my mate to never leave me.I was surprised when the flashing picture suddenly get's hit with what looked like electricity. Soon, a small flame started between Victoria's eyes. I watch the innocent looking flame start to grow bigger. Victoria's eyes start to move, looking like they where asking for help. All I do is watch the flame get bigger. The flame almost looked like it was speaking to me.I almost jumped when the flame got closer to her lips, she started screaming something. I couldn't understand her until her mouth was almost completely burnt. Her last words were, "Go to Italy." I wondered what was in Italy that Victoria wanted me to go to. I just started to compare Victoria's red hair to the flame that was burning it."Your mate is waiting for you.", a voice spoke out of the flame. "Go to Italy. Your mate is waiting for you."I could screamed in joy. Edward was waiting for me! I don't know why I believed this voice, but some how I trusted it. I felt like it was almost a part of me. Do I believe it over Edward's harsh words?"Will he really be there?" I asked the voice. The flame continued to burn the picture." Your mate is in Italy", it said ,"There's not much time. Go to Italy."I watched as the flame grew. It started to consume everything. First the tree, then the grass and moon. The flames even started burning my mind and closing in on everything. Soon it ate away everything, even me. When everything was gone a name came out of the flames. Jane.My eyes snapped open. What kind of a dream was that? Suddenly, I was aware of the burning sensation all over me. It reminded me of Jame's bite, but this heat wasn't like the slow lava of the bite, but quick and hot. I flinched a little as I ran down stairs. Remembering James makes me remember them. I hurried poring my self a glass of tap water."Bell's?" A deep voice said. I recognized it as Charlie's. I watched as his eyes widened. I wonder if it was because I was actually moving on my own free will. "Are- Are you okay?"Instead of smiling like I used to, I waited a few seconds while my glass filled up. "Hot", I mumbled. I didn't look in my fathers eyes. The dream... It told me to go to Italy. I'm not a stupid person, but right now it's my only hope at finding him."I better turn the heat up more often then." I wonder if he meant that as a joke, because if it did it fell flat. I finished my cup of water. Maybe I'm dehydrated. I know I haven't been drinking or eating anything since they left. I wonder if I was as hot as I am now if I would have drank anything. I have to get well for him.I started to get another drink, I wondered if I had a fever, when he started to talk again."Bella I miss you," I finally look at him. It hurt to see the pain on his face, " But you can't stay here any more. I have a plain ticked for you to go meet your mother in Italy."I opened my mouth and I was stuck between flabbergasted that I don't have to run away and trying to make him feel better. It is hard having me as a girlfriend even with someone over a hundred let alone a daughter to a typical father. "I am happy here.""No you're not Bell's!", he said, "I'm sick of seeing you like this! I can see the pain on your face."I don't say anything because I know it's true, without him I am nothing, not even happy. I couldn't tell him that. He would be crushed."I love you Bell's", he said. It broke my heart. "I just can't see you hurt you hurt anymore.""I love you to dad", I finally choked out, "but why Italy?""Your mother's vacationing there. I think it would be good for you to leave today."I went up to my room. I started to have second thoughts about Italy. What if they come while I was away? What if they thought I abandoned them and moved on? I almost reconsidered going, but I remembered my dream. It said my mate was in Italy, so I have to go there. Why would he be in Italy?The Volturi I remember Carlise talking about the Volturi kings and how they like to collect vampires with powers. He must have joined them after he left me. I remember the painting, and the red eyes. I have to get to Italy. The heat grew. I needed a nice long cold bath.I look at my self in the mirror. No. I look worse than normal. I'm a skeleton in clothing. I need to look perfect for him. I grab my best clothes and walk out of my room into the bathroom. After taking a nice, long bath, I even put on some make up. To win Edward over, I have to look the best I can look. I really enjoyed the process really. I put on red lipstick as well. Not to bright, but for now it is enough.After I packed my clothes, I decide to be happy. Despite the fact I still don't have Edward, it doesn't hurt to say his name anymore. The only thing that hurts is the annoying flames licking my skin. I have to do this. For my love and family. I walked down stairs a new Bella Swan.Charlie's eyes widened when he saw me. He even started to get a smile on his face. I could tell he was happy."Wow Bell's.", he said, "You look good." I blush and give him a kiss on the cheek."I'm ready to go.", I say. He hugs me good by and I start out the door. This is a new beginning for me. It will be hard to start eating again, gain weight, and gain come confidence, but all of it will help me win Edward over. I start to form my plan on how to win him back, and how to get into the Volturi. Also, how to stop this burning from growing.
