Hey guys, hope you enjoy my Jasper/Alice story!JPOVHoly shit. Holy shit. Holy shit. HOLY. SHIT. This seriously cannot be happening.I guess you're wondering why I am on the verge of having a meltdown. The reason? One word. One girl. Alice. Alice Brandon. Alice, a student in my high school senior history class. Alice Brandon, the woman, or girl I should say, I thought was over 21. Alice Brandon, the girl I lost my virginity to on Saturday. It's Monday. And my first day of teaching at Forks High. Where Alice Brandon is apparently a student. An underage student.My name is Jasper Hale. I've just turned 22, and Forks High School is my first teaching job. I seriously didn't expect it to go like this. I met Alice in a club on Saturday. Me and my best friend, Edward, graduated from college this summer, me with a history degree, and Edward with a biology degree. I have always wanted to be a history teacher. To get students excited about history. To question why these events occurred, different opinions on them and how, or if, there was something that could have been done to prevent it from happening. To celebrate us landing teaching jobs in the same school, Edward suggested that we go out and celebrate. It sounded good at the time. Now, I'm not so sure it was a good idea. But if we hadn't, I wouldn't have met Alice. I also wouldn't be in this situation.Yes, I was a 22 year old virgin, and no, I wasn't embarrassed about that fact. My mother used to tell me that I had a romantic soul, whatever that meant. When I was in high school, I watched as guys my age went out and slept with any, and every, girl that was willing, not caring about unplanned pregnancies or STD's. That just wasn't me. I wanted to wait, to lose my virginity to someone I cared about, maybe even loved. Someone I could see myself spending the rest of my life with. That someone turned out to be Alice.Edward and I were at the club, looking to relax, have some fun and a couple of beers. Edward was off finding us some seats while I was getting us some drinks. After getting us each a Bud, I was walking around the packed club looking for Edward. Unfortunately, I didn't see the woman standing in front of me, and ended up bumping into her, spilling my drinks all over her legs and shoes. To say she wasn't happy was an understatement.'What the hell, are you blind, you idiot?!', this little pixie shouted at me. She couldn't have been taller than 5"3.'Oh crap, I'm so sorry Miss. I was looking for my friend and didn't even see you. I'm so sorry! What can I do to help?' I said to her, panicked, trying to dry the beer from her legs.'First things first, you can stop groping my legs.', she said to me, eyes narrowed.'Oh god. I'm sorry, again! I didn't mean to... I was just... your legs were wet and I was trying to dry them.' I'm pretty sure I heard her mutter 'yeah, right.'Realising it would be a good idea to back up a bit, I rose to my full height. I also got a good look at her. Wow. She was stunning, absolutely beautiful. The top of her head barely reached my shoulders. She had short black hair, choppy I guess, sticking in all directions, framing her face perfectly. She had the most gorgeous bright green eyes, framed by long dark lashes. The one feature I couldn't take my eyes off though was her mouth. Her perfect plump mouth, with a perfect cupid's bow. Sinful lips. I couldn't help but picture her lips wrapped around my cock, eyes staring straight to mine as she gave me a blow job, her lips sliding up and down my cock. I could feel myself start to harden, and nearly choked on my own spit. This wasn't like me, I never had vivid thoughts, fantasies like that.I think I stared a little too long at her mouth, making her uncomfortable. Trying to be the gentleman my mother raised me to be, I offered to buy her a drink as an apology for spilling mine all over her, and then getting turned on just by looking at her. I was absolutely shocked when she agreed.'Yeah, that would be great, thanks! Just let me go find my friend first' she said, smiling at me. I just stared some more.Eventually she found her friend, and we all found Edward. This time with our drinks unscathed.Who knew that one kind gesture, an offer to buy a drink, would lead to this moment right now.Clearing my throat, trying to break myself out of my stupor, I introduced myself to the class.'Hello, students, my name is Mr Hale, and I'm your new history teacher for this year.'Upon hearing my voice, Alice look to the front of the class, and seeing me, her mouth dropped open into a perfect 'O' shape, immediately taking me back to the memory of her on her knees, sucking my cock, perfect lips wrapped around my cock until I came down her throat.I had to hide behind my desk so my students didn't see my raging hard on.Such a good start to the year. Yeah, right.So guys, hope you enjoyed it! The next chapter will be from Saturday night. Yep, you got it. Saturday where Jasper loses his virginity.Where he sleeps with a student, although he doesn't actually know that.
