There is a reason I rated this MNO I don't own Twilight, YES I wish didI sat at the Kitchen table eating some meatloaf I fixed, My dad or as I called him Charlie sat across from me. He kept mumbling and wouldn't look at me. He has been acting weird sense the moment I showed up. School started in just a few weeks, I wasn't to thrilled. My mom sent me here so she could go on a honeymoon with her new husband. I personally wasn't to crazy about him but he made my mom happy so I guess he was better then nothing."Hey Bella when your done washing dishes will you come up to my bedroom?" Charlie asked.I nodded what could he possibly want? I just shook my head as he walked upstairs. I didn't finish my dinner and tossed it in the trash I washed the dishes drying my hands off on my pants and went up stairs to see whatever Charlie wanted, I could get that over with and go to bed early. I knocked on his door."Come in" Charlie called his voice sounding scratchy.I walked in and didn't see Charlie. Then the door slammed shut and I heard a lock. I turned around to see my father."Ch- Charlie what are you doing?" I asked him. He smiled"I want you to touch yourself for me" Charlie told me."Wh-what?" I asked my vision wavering."Take your clothes off and shove your finger where it feels good" Charlie barked."No." I said vile rising in my throat. He laughed and grabbed me throwing me on the bed.I was to stunned to do anything. He grabbed my sweatpants and ripped them off. I screamed which just caused him to laugh."No one will help you Bella. As chief I let my neighbors know my plans. The men were quite thrilled they'll have their fun later though" Charlie told me pulling out ties and tied my arms to the headboard dodging my kicks."Let's see if Renee kept her part of making sure you were a good girl for daddy"Charlie said and I gaged.He opened my legs an used his teeth to take off my underwear. He pointed over to the camera in the corner which was blinking red."Stop kicking or I will have to show everyone in this town what a dirty girl you are" He said and I stopped kicking then tears started to come out of my eyes.He rubbed he's fingers along my opening I closed my eyes as he stuck two fingers in a pumped. I bit back a scream when he pumped to hard. Then he started to lick me and nibble. I heard him unzip his pants then he thrusted into me with no decency at all. He made inhuman sounds. I felt his tongue run up my face. I couldn't even move it's like I had no control over my body. He kissed my mouth forcing it open and his tongue inside I just kept my eyes closed praying he'd stop."Fuck my little darling. I will give you a few minutes but you better work with me or I'll put it in your ass" Charlie told me I didn't even open my eyes.And that's how I became a sex slave for my father, and his friends.So that was chapter one, Thoughts? Ideas? REVIEW!
