Violated ch.1(Background info: Emily is 17, Edward, Bella, Nessie and Emily live in the cabin in forks. Carlisle, esme Benjamin and Katelyn are the only ones staying at the main house, everyone else lives in their own home)(Emily's POV)"Daddy can I meet some girls from school in Port Angeles?" I ask as daddy is getting ready for work."Which girls?" he asks. "Jamie Carter and Sophia Moore" I say and he thinks for a minute."Ok fine but be careful" he says."Thank you daddy" I say and hug him."Your welcome, just remember your mother is away hunting and your sister is home studying" He says and I nod.He leaves and I quickly get dressed into jeans and a blouse. I text Jamie and tell her I can go. I walk to the main house to wait."Does your father know you're going out?" grandma asks and I nod."Ok if you need anything call" She says and I nod and head out to the driveway. Jamie pulls up and I jump into her car."I'm so happy your father agreed" she says."SO am I" I say as I buckle and she gets on the freeway. When we get to Port Angeles we meet up with Sophia. We start to shop.(3 hours later)"Soph, Jamie!" I scream as i try finding them. I turn down a street and I see figures.I turn and start to run. I hear people running behind me. I turn around and see them chasing me.I run into somebody. I scream and try to get out of their grasp."This should be fun" He says and pulls me into a dark alley. The rest of them follow. I start to cry as they rip my clothes off me."Please no" I cry and try to fight."A virgin, this is definitely going to be so much better" The leader says. I try screaming but someone covers my mouth."Gag her" the leader says as he pulls my panties off. He rubs himself against me and I try kicking but he pins me down before starting to rape me.(1 hour later)I lay in the street bloody and naked. I was gang raped. I try to reach my phone but my body hurts too much. I start to cry.I was alone and no one saw those men taking me. Maybe if I'm lucky Alice will see it. I lay there in pain and just cry."Emily" I hear ness scream."Renesmee" I cry and try getting up but cry in pain. Ness appears in front of me."Shh no don't move" she coos softly. She finds my clothes."These are ripped" She says and puts my bra and panties on. She puts on my blouse as best as she can with it being ripped."Em I'm going to run you to the hospital, it's faster than it will take for an ambulance and they would take you to Olympic Medical Center" Nessie says and i nod and lift my arms up.She gently picks me up and start to run in the dark alleys. I close my eyes as she runs. It soothes me to sleep. When I get up its Nessie calling my name."Sweetie were almost to the hospital. Now I can't carry you in but I'm going to go in and get a wheelchair" She says and I nod. We get in front of the hospital and I see daddy's and grandpa's cars.Nessie sets e down on a bench and goes in and gets a wheelchair."Daddy and grandpa are both with a patient but I'm sure once we get in there they will be done" Nessie says as she helps me into the wheelchair. We go through the E.R doors."Nessie" Daddy's personal nurse says as she sees us. She rushes us into a private room."I'll get your father and grandfather" She says and rushed out. I start to panic. After a minute the door fly's open and daddy and grandpa are standing there."What happened?" daddy asks as he rushes over to me. I flinch back."I found her in an alley way, she had no clothes on" Nessie says."Honey what happened?" daddy asks."I was gang raped" I say. They snap into action.Grandpa goes out to the hall and calls for a rape kit. Daddy gets a gown and a sheet and hands them to me. He leaves the room and Nessie helps me into the gown.She picks me up and sets me on the bed. Daddy and grandpa comes backs in. A nurse follows them and I start to panic."Baby relax" Daddy says as he puts some gloves on. He picks up my clothes and puts them in an evidence bag."Sweetheart we need to examine you" grandpa says and I become hysterical."Nurse get me a sedative" grandpa says."Shh baby girl you're ok" Grandpa says. I shake my head no."Honey we need to look at you to make sure there's no serious injuries." Grandpa says."NO" I scream and try to get up but they pin me down. A nurse hands grandpa a sedative. He quickly gives it to me and I feel drowsy."Shh that's it don't fight it" Daddy coos softly as he rubs my arm. I close my eyes and fall into a dark bliss.(Edwards POV)"Nes maybe you should go wait in the waiting room or one of our offices" I say as Nessie stands in the corner."I don't want to leave her daddy" She says and I nod. The nurse goes and gets a chair and I move it so Nessie can sit.She sits and I turn my attention back to Emily. I shudder at the sight before me. Her legs are up in stirrups and dad is preforming a rape kit."They took her virginity" He says sadly. I nod and go to her face and feel along her skull."No breaks but we'll need an x ray to see if there's a concussion" I say and move down to her face."This gash needs stiches" I say."Edward" Dad calls and I look down at him."Yeah?' I ask. "Do you know if she's on birth control?" he asks."No she's not, neither of us gave her a prescription and Emmett didn't either" I say."She still could be taking it, she may have gone to the clinic" He says and I nod."We'll ask her when she gets up" he says."She needs some stitches there's a tear" He says and i nod. He starts to stich up the tearHe stands up after he's done and takes em's legs out of the stirrups.I pick her up and lay her back down.I start to examine her chest while dad examines her legs.After we quickly get x rays and stich up the gashes that needed it.(Emily's POV)When I get up everything hurts. I hear the steady beeping from a heart monitor.I open my eyes and see Nessie sitting next to me and daddy is holding a sobbing mommy to his chest in the corner of the room."Hey em, how do you feel?" Nessie asks."Sore" I say. Daddy comes over to me. He kisses my forehead."Im sorry honey, I shouldn't have let you go" He says.'Daddy it wasn't your fault and I had fun with the girls, this happened after we got lost in the mall. I went to go to the car and I turned down the wrong street" I say."Honey we need to know if you are on birth control or if they were using protection" Daddy says. I shake my head no and he nods and goes out into the hallway.I look at mommy. She comes over to me and hugs me."Oh baby" she cries. Nessie looks sad."Mommy why are you so upset?" I ask."My daughter was rape in a city where I was almost raped, your father saved me. I got lost trying to find my friends who were dress shopping and I went to the book store" Mommy says and I nod."I'm sure the people that rape me weren't connected to those people that was 40 years ago" I say and she sits next to me. Daddy comes back and grandpa is following him."Hi sweetheart" he says and I see him pull something out of his coat pocket. He pulls out a single dose pill packet."Here sweetheart we need you to take this, it's the morning after pill but we can give it to you right now so you won't get pregnant" Grandpa says and I nod and hold my hand out.He hands the pill to me and daddy ours me some water. He helps me sit up before giving me the water. I quickly take it before leaning back in the pillows."What's the damage?" I ask. "You have some stiches, no concussion a few broken ribs. Some cuts and bruises that will heal on their own" Daddy says and I nod."Honey I did a rape kit while you were out and the cops want to come get your statement but they are going to wait till tomorrow." Grandpa says and I nod."Now you're obviously going to be sore considering you were gang raped and they tore your hymen and you needed a few stitches for a tear" Grandpa says and I nod but start to cry, I wasn't a virgin anymore."Shh you're ok baby" Daddy says.]"No it's not daddy I promised Mattie that I would lose my virginity to him if we get married" I sob."Honey whose Mattie?" Grandpa asks."My boyfriend" I cry. God I let him down. I start to become hysterical."Edward we need to sedate her" I hear grandpa says and that makes me panic more."Shh honey its ok you need rest" Mommy coos as I try to fight their hold on my arm. I start to trash end Nessie starts to cry and so did mommy. Daddy pins me to the bed as grandpa injects me."Shh it's ok just rest" grandpa says as he smooth's my hair out. I fall back into darkness.
