Introduction: Two People~E/N: Hey FanFictioners! This is my first fanfic, so I really want to see how this goes. Okay, so I got this idea around two years ago while I was in class. I was talking to a friend when the idea hit me, and as a result she got pissed off at me for zoning out while she was talking. But then I told her that I was thinking about Twilight related things and she understood and forgave me because she ADORES Twilight. This story is about Embry, a character which I do not own and his imprint, who I do own. So I hope you enjoy!~Disclaimer: I DO NOT own Twilight or any of its characters. I do, however, own all of the OCs used in this story.So I deleted the other The Wolf, The Girl, and The Ghost story because I decided to turn my life around and actually attempt to finish one of my stories. And the way I have decided to do that is by doing one story at a time and not working on any other stories until I have finished the one that I am currently working on. So the first story I'm going to be working on is this one. And I have started all over, a clean slate, and hopefully I will finish this story. Until then all of my other stories are on hold. That being said, on to the story :DThis is BOOK 1 of the When the Wolves Fall in Love series.  ~*Embry's POV*~Sam, Jared, Paul and I stand at the edge of the cliff, looking at the water that is feet below us. I had phased for the first time a week ago and this is the first time that I'm going cliff diving with the rest of the pack. I mean, I have gone cliff diving before but never from where I am standing right now, the tallest cliff in La Push. The guys have become like a second family to me. They are all around my age, well Sam is 20, but the rest of them are around my age. Jared is 17 and Paul also turned 17 two days ago. Sam backs away from the edge, takes a running start and leaps into the air, splashing into the water below us after a minute. I hear the squeal of tires braking and a girl screaming.I look over to the road as Bella stares wide eyed out her truck's window and Jacob asks her what's wrong. And thanks to my wolf hearing I can perfectly make out what they are saying."That guy  he just jumped off the cliff! Why didn't they stop him? We've got to call an ambulance!" Bella throws her door open and gets out. Jacob laughs at her and Bella spins and stares at him. I roll my eyes; can she get any more dramatic?"They're just cliff diving, Bella. Recreation. La Push doesn't have a mall, you know." He teases her, but I can hear the irritation in his voice."Cliff diving?" Bella repeats. She stares as Paul steps to the ledge, pauses (since he knows he has an audience) and then leaps into the air. Bella goes back inside the car."Wow, it's so high." She says staring at me and Jared. "It must be a hundred feet.""Well, yeah, most of us jump from lower down that rock that juts out from the cliff about halfway." Jacob points out the window. "Those guys are insane. Probably showing off how tough they are. I mean, it's freezing today. That water can't feel good.""You jump off the cliff?""Sure, sure. It's fun. A little scary, kind of rush." Bella looks back cliffs, where I am pacing the edge."Jake, you have to take me cliff diving.""Bella, you just wanted to call an ambulance for Sam.""I want to try." Bella insists as she starts to get out of the truck again. Jacob grabs her wrist and stops her."Not today, all right? Can we at least wait for a warmer day?""Okay, fine. But I want to go soon.""Soon." Jacob rolls his eyes. "Sometimes you're a little strange, Bella. Do you know that?""Yes." She sighs. I take a running start and fling myself farther into the air than Paul and Sam. I twist and cartwheel in the air until I finally splash into the water. I can't wait until Jacob and Quil join the pack, but at the same time I don't wish for them to end up like us.*WGG*~*Seraphine's POV*~I sit on the bed in the hospital room as I wait for the doctor to come in with my x-rays. Why he needs to take x-rays, I don't know. I think I made it pretty clear that my arm was broken when I came through the hospital doors. Even the people that were sitting there and had no medical training could have guessed that my arm was broken.*30 minutes ago*"AH! AAAAHHHHHHHHHH!" I yell as I run into the hospital. Everyone stops what they are doing and look at me like I have gone crazy."AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" I yell again as a nurse runs up to me and Sebastian (my twin brother), Kyle (my boyfriend), Emma (this little girl ghost), and Scar-Face (another ghost, name explains it all, and also the reason why I am currently here) come through the doors behind me."Sweetheart! Calm down! Would you please tell me what is wrong so that we can help you!" the nurse yells at me. I point to my limp, purple, swollen arm and open my mouth to yell again. Someone places their hand over my mouth and I turn back and glare at Sebastian."Please excuse her, she's a bit of a drama queen." He apologizes for me. Le gasp! I am offended. I AM NOT A DRAMA QUEEN!  Eh, who am I kidding. I'm a drama queen. The nurse smiles at Sebastian and hands him some papers to fill out and leads us to the waiting room. Which had me complaining throughout the whole process of the filling out of the papers, until finally the nurse took us to a room and the doctor came and asked me questions and took my x-rays. Which leads us to right now.Sebastian is sitting in the chair next to my bed. He looks like the boy version of yours truly, makes sense since he IS my twin brother. He is a tall, muscular dude. His skin is as pale as mine and he is a bit taller than me. His hair is black and his eyes are blue. Kyle is standing on my other side, holding my good hand. He has brown hair and brown eyes, and he can also talk and see and hear ghost, just like me. He is the first boyfriend that I have had that hasn't run away after Scar-Face did something to scare them away. Which now leads me to Scar-Face. He is this ghost that is obsessed with me. And not the good kind of obsession, if you know what I mean. He would hurt anyone that ever developed a feeling other than brotherly love towards me. He is standing at the corner of the room and is glaring at Kyle. Emma, the other ghost, the good ghost, is a little 10 year old girl. She is sitting on the bed next to me and is resting her head on my lap. She has dirty blonde hair and dark grey eyes.I have been able to see ghost ever since I was 4. They were all nice ghost, they protected me and they kept my brother and me company when our parents left us home alone, which is always. But then I hit the big P, puberty, and this new ghost came. At first it just stayed in the background, so I didn't really notice it. But then one day he scared away all of the other ghost and threatened them to never come back. They didn't, and I don't blame them. Scar-Face is creepy, with a bunch of cuts running down his face and body, hence the name Scar-Face. The only ghost who stayed was Emma. Everything started getting worse when Scar-Face started getting all possessive of me. I wasn't allowed to date anyone, if I did he would do horrible things to the guys. Then this morning I told him to get lost and then Kyle kissed me and Scar-Face broke my arm. And I am a little scared of him, but I don't show it because if I did that would he would use that to his advantage. The doctor comes into the room and puts my x-rays on that light board thingy."Well Ms. Scotts. It seems like your hand is broken." The doctor announces and I do a face palm with my good hand. Why the heck did he think I came into the hospital screaming?~E/N: There you guys are. Anyhow, review my darlings. :D
