Bree's POV."Felix?" Jane said lazily. I hadn't looked away from her eyes until this moment; until the big man in the grey cloak titled his head to watch me and a smile tugged at the edges of his mouth and he went to take a step."Wait," the mind reader said loudly. Then he turned to the blonde one that had saved my life: Carlisle. "We could explain the rules to this young one. She doesn't seem unwilling to learn. She didn't know what she was doing." Carlisle nodded to the mind reader before glancing down at me, on my hands and knees before him, still tasting the aftermath of death in my mouth, I could taste my coven's life in the smoke that rose from the pyre."Of course," Carlisle said eagerly, looking at Jane. "We would certainly be prepared to take responsibility for Bree." Jane scoffed and she looked at them like she wasn't sure if they were joking, but if they were joking, they were funnier than she'd given them credit for. Me, I was touched to the core. These vampires were strangers, but they'd gone out on this dangerous limb for me. I already knew it wasn't going to work but still."We don't make exceptions," Jane told them, amused. "And we don't give second chances. It's bad for our reputation." It was as if she were discussing someone else. I didn't care that she was talking about killing me. I knew the yellow-eyes couldn't stop her. She was the vampire police. But even though the vampire cops were dirtyreally dirtyat least the yellow-eyes knew it now. "Which reminds me...," Jane went on, her eyes locking on the human girl again and her smile widening."Caius will be so interested to hear that you're still human, Bella. Perhaps he'll decide to visit."Still human. So they were going to change the girl. I wondered what they were waiting for."The date is set," said the little vampire with the short black hair and the clear voice. "Perhaps we'll come visit you in a few months." Jane's smile disappeared like someone had wiped it off. She shrugged without looking at the black-haired vampire, and I got the feeling that as much as she might have hated the human girl, she hated this small vampire ten times as much.Jane turned back to Carlisle with the same vacant expression as before. "It was nice to meet you, CarlisleI thought Aro was exaggerating. Well, until we meet again..." Then this would be it, then. I still didn't feel afraid. My only regret was that I couldn't tell Fred more about all of this. He was almost totally blind in this world full of dangerous politics and dirty cops and secret covens. But Fred was smart and careful and talented. What could they do to him if they didn't even see him? Maybe the yellow-eyed might meet Fred someday. Be nice to him, please, I thought at the mind reader."Take care of that, Felix," Jane said indifferently, nodding at me. "I want to go home.""Don't watch." the redheaded mind reader whispered.I closed my eyes.At that moment my advanced hearing caught a sound unfamiliar t-o me at first but I soon recognized it to be the sound of buzzing or vibrating. My eyes fluttered open and I feared I would see Felix raise his hand and strike. I didn't want to give my killer the satisfaction of having a frightened look on my face when he did the deed. But he stopped and his own tangle of a smile faded and everyone turned to look at the source. Jane.Jane had been smiling at me; flashing her brilliant white teeth but now she frowned and her brow creased. She sighed gently before retreating a phone from her robes. Her eyes met mine when she answered."Master," she greeted the person on the other end. There was someone else? Of course there was. If Jane was the police, they had to have a government.Jane, my dear, The voice replied, How is Forks and our dear friends there? Carlisle? Jane was obviously trying to disguise her annoyance that my execution had been paused but she smiled."Aro." Carlisle said and I heard an excited giggle on the other end of the phone. I wondered who this master was.Oh, I do miss you Carlisle. I hope you will visit soon? He asked."Of course, we were just discussing a visit."Wonderful...Jane? Aro said, "Tell me my dear, has the army been dealt with? Jane's eyes moved up to the Cullen's, "It has, master; the Cullen's succeeded in destroying the newborns before we had arrived.Oh how disappointing for you, my dear."Indeed." Jane replied, "We are just about to end the life of the last one, a girl who surrendered."Surrendered? My, oh my, a smart child. "Hmm." Jane sighed, bored, clearly. "The Cullen's offered her sanctuary," Jane flashed a smile and held in a laugh, an inside joke between her and her master? I didn't dare move or speak. My eyes looked towards the foreststupid moveFelix caught my action and his hand came down. A shrill cry escaped my throat and he lifted me off the ground. I lashed out with my fingers bent like claws, hoping to take out eyes, leave a scar, to do something to my killer before he took me from this world.Oh Felix! The master giggled gently from the phone, Do not kill the child! My, oh my."Master?" Jane snapped instantly, but Felix held me closer to his face, his fingers tearing through my jacket and clawing down my back, I struggled to get free to do something but stopped once the master spoke again.Jane, you know the life of each vampire is precious. If this child has surrender herself and the Cullen's have offered her a home, why should we not grant her with the opportunity to be one of us?"The Volturi does not give second chances-"Let her go Felix.Felix dropped me as if his hand had been taken over by the master. I hit the ground and spun until I was on my knees, my back arched low and I bared my teeth but the woman dropped down, the one with Carmel hair and her hand took my wrist tightly."Run and they will kill you." she said and her golden eyes told me to believe her. I rose to my feet, fighting every urge to run or to fight."Master?" Jane said but the master cut her off.Jane, my dear, come home and I will explain at a later, more appropriate...and private, date. Jane just nodded and said a short goodbye to the master before snapping her phone shut."Bare my warning, we will be returning at some point in the future to check on you, think of it as a test. If you do not pass...you will die." Then with that final warning Jane turned and she and the three others blurred off into nothing.The yellow-eyes saved my life and promised the vampire police they would take responsibility for me. It didn't mean I trusted them. Not only are they older and wiser, but they have the strength to kill my entire coven. My coven? I had to stop thinking that way. Those vampires, Kristie, Raoul, Jen, Kevin and all the others were not my coven. We were all pawns made by Riley and...her to kill these kind, good vampires. They were not my family, my friends, my peers, they were just there too. But now they're ashes in the wind and I'm being walked through the woods with the yellow-eyes.No. Not yellow-eyes. The Cullen's. They told me to call them the Cullen's.I was still a little shaken up about it all. I was the only one still alive. All of them were dead, even my Diego but a piece of me had known that since the moment Riley walked through that door alone. I walked with the woman with caramel hair, Esme her name was. She was kind and gentle like a human; she looked at me not like the others had done in the basement, but like she was helping an lonely kid. She walked with her arm around me, talking to me gently.The one that wanted to kill me, the one with the scars, had ran ahead to the house we were going to and he took the short black haired girl with him, but the mind-reader he had taken the human girl, his Bella, away from us the moment Esme helped me to my feet.It was a smart move. I was still tempted to turn now and pressure the human. Her blood. It was something I never thought I'd come across. But I couldn't think that way anymore either. The yellow-eyes the Cullen's promised me no harm would come to me and that in time I would learn to be around humans without the terrible almost uncontrollable urge to tear this throats apart with my teeth, I didn't believe such as thing was possible, not for us but it had been proven to me by the mind reader and the human girl. He held her in that field like she was all that existed in his world, and she clung to him so tightly, stared into his strange golden eyes, like she didn't see a monster, but a being of beauty. Like she was seeing an angel.Esme told me everyone's names soon enough. There was Carlisle which I knew, the leader of the Coven, his wife Esme, and then I was told the mind reader was Edward and his human was Bella, but I had heard Jane call her that in the field. The two behind us, the big muscular guy was Emmett and that model at his side was Rosalie, his wife. Emmett smiled at me when we made eye contact but Rosalie, like the scarred one, kept a careful eye on me. The scarred one, Jasper and the short girl was his mate, Alice. I told Esme about my fears with Jasper, how he had wanted to kill me even after I surrendered, but she assured me he wouldn't be like this forever, as time passes he will soften and feel comfortable around me, just like he is with the rest of the family.When she said that I realized something. That's exactly what was happening. I hadn't joined another coven, but a family. I was a stranger to them all, a murderous outsider with blazing red eyes which portrayed the monster beneath yet they took me in, promising to teach me the ways of our vampire world and honestly that's all I really wanted. Answers. I wanted to know how to live like they do, how to stay in control near humans, how to feel love for others like myself when I'd received nothing but hatred from my turning, I wanted to have golden eyes like them and be seen as not the monster I considered myself to be.I didn't want to be a monster; I wanted to be a Cullen.Bree Cullen. Has a gentle ring to it.For the first time since Diego's kiss, I smiled.FanWriter's Note: Hey guys. First chapter of my new story is here. Had this idea a while back but never got around to uploading the first chapter. In short, this story is about a love triangle not commonly heard about. The love Triangle between Renesmee, Bree and Jacob. The first few chapters will be about where Bree was during the events of Breaking Dawn and her first time meeting Renesmee, but keep reading to discover how Jacob and Bree will fight for Nessie's love.Question for Chapter One: Why do you think Aro decided to let Bree live? ~FanWriter~ 
