His client's dick was seven inches. It was the perfect fit for Jacob, who was riding it with a feigned smile. The spit they used for lube gave James's member an ease to his thrusts. With Jacob's groans and the former's view of a bouncing, erect cock, you'd find that tonight's meeting proved successful for Moredix Place.The bed had seen a lot of sperm in its time, the vast majority from its usual inhabitant; this time, it found that James relieved himself of a marriage worth's frustration bountifully. Any contraception was lost to the winds in the brothel, as their unique selling point was "Au naturelle's for our hotel"."Damn, Jakey, my brother was right. Maybe I can deal with Louise's saggy tits knowing your arse is waiting for me," He let his dick slip out with a plop, and cleaned it with his hand.Jacob suppressed a cringe induced expression, "You definitely satisfied me. Oh, I've never felt my spot be hit so well before." He flashed him a cheeky grin after seeing the desired reaction to that well versed line. Getting up, he gathered his client's clothes for him and allowed a last minute snog by the obscured window."I'll be seeing you," James held a rakish face that could make anyone swoon. "Payment for your services."The 75 was claimed laboriously, and tucked into his package. "Bye."A last second love tap on the bum saw James gone, but his memory remained in Jacob's mind. Not pleasantly or with lust, either. Sorrow and disgrace always met the bedsheets after excitement. He just felt so dirty."Crying again, are we?" Lewis pointed out after a moment of unknown observation. He stood at the doorway, dressed in his silk nightgown and lascivious countenance."Not all of us are made for daily appliance, you little slut," Jacob wiped his tears away and smirked at his best friend."You're a lucky bugger you, Jake. Why do I always get the old, saggy coffin dodgers?" He sat himself beside him and played with Jake's hair."Because the old, saggy coffin dodgers love your "anything goes" mantra. To be honest, I wish I had it."Lewis furrowed his brow, "The coffin dodgers?""No. Your ability at being so resilient after sex. I feel horrible and that much more chipped."The blonde pouted in an assuring manner, "You've got to imagine you're being fucked by the fittest guy imaginable. And have the knack at shutting your mind down completely."Jacob scoffed, "I'm not using drugs, Lewis.""And I don't want you to, but sometimes you've just got to do it. Otherwise I'd probably throw up all over the bed if I realised 80 year old sperm was in me. Which brings me back to my original comment: you are lucky that you got James Hargreaves. Everyone wants him.""I don't feel it.""Well I can. I could feel the walls shaking!"He couldn't resist a giggle, "Yeah, he was quite rough, wasn't he?""Too right! But that's only because he's had to deal with Louise Graham's pedantic attitude. That bitch could find fault with a cloud.""Ugh, tell me about it. I had to brace against her brother last week and all he did was talk about her bad attitude as we were dogging it. Let's just say I did not rise to the occasion."Lewis chuckled along with Jacob, fading away to a reflective sigh, "Got two new lads coming in soon."Jake perked up, a rare interest awoken in him, "Really? When?""Three days. I think they're servicing the duo wing.""Why?""What do you mean?"Jake stood up then, sauntering over to the window and drawing the curtains to an exhilarating view of Istanbul. "Why are they coming? Who's being replaced?""Alex 1 and Alex 2." Lewis held pure apathy at the names he mentioned, he, too, observing Istanbul's twilight from the bed."Thank God!" Jacob felt joy envelop him. "We've needed someone to replace those twins since 2011.""I couldn't agree more. No fucker wants them when they look at the profiles anyway. Last year, they earned 350 between them. 350!""Who earned the most again?" The only reason Jacob asked was so he had the incentive to beat the record this year. He felt a meagre satisfaction when his slot was filled four times a week-figuratively and literally."Daniel. Fucking slut." Lewis's jealousy did not conceal itself at the former's name. He, too, craved to be Moredix's highest earner...But that was highly unlikely given the competition he faced."I knew it was. Daniel Lake. God, even I think he's sexy.""Me too, the prick!"Jacob laughed to himself, watching the busy street below him. "What are these two new boys called? Any idea?""Umm..." He scanned his brain, rising from the bed to head to his own room for his 9 o'clock. "Something like Edward and Kristoff. Anyway, gotta go slurp some white milk, I'll see you at 10."They embraced before the two were without the other's company.Jacob soaked up the time to himself on that Thursday night with a mysterious kind of revelry. Ruminations on the identity of Edward and Kristoff stimulated his imagination. Would they get on well with the rest of the boys? Would he get on well with them? Only time will tell.Some of the younger "slaves", as Moredix Place liked to name its performers, came to Jacob's door to offer their company at a party on the lower floors. Jacob politely refused them all, instead choosing to go for a serene walk along the river, basking in his ever running thoughts.A/N: This story will be told from multiple characters' perspectives. I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. I guess it's a bit of a teaser considering its length. Thanks for reading, guys and girls. Much love, With You. :)
