Hey guys! This is my first fanfic, hope you enjoy! Try and take it easy on me!EPOV15 years ago today. It doesn't feel like it, it feels like it happened only yesterday. Already the 15th anniversary of the day that ruined my life. The day I lost my family. The day I lost myself.I sit in my office alone, a bottle of half empty JD next to me, trying not to get sucked back into the horrifying memories; the screech of the tires, the screams of my mother, the horrible sound of metal crashing into metal, the shards of glass everywhere, the deadly stillness of my father, the blood dripping down my face, the agonizing pain from the flames licking my skin until the world faded away into darkness. I guess I should be thankful for my unconsciousness. I didn't have to see my mother and fathers dead bodies being zipped up and taken away or watch as the spectators watched my burnt body being dragged out of the blazing car, firefighters struggling to put out the flames. Or having to attend my parent's funeral, to say goodbye to the only family I had. No, I spent the first month after the accident in a coma.They say I was lucky to live. I wouldn't call this living, I'm merely existing.So I guess I should introduce myself.My name is Edward Cullen. I'm a 28 year old author. I'm was born in Chicago, where I lived until the accident at 13, where I was then put into foster care, and was to a foster home after foster home after foster home. As soon as I turned 18, I left the foster home and never looked back. After two years of drifting from place to place, I eventually settled into the busy city life of New York. Sick of jobs I didn't enjoy, such as call centre jobs, I decided to send a draft of a sci-fi story I had written. To my absolute shock, it was published a few months later! Since then, I have published 6 more books, with one of them landing a spot on the New York Times Best Seller List. I invested my money wisely and now have a good amount in my savers account. I mean what would I actually spend money on, I had no family and barely any friends. And I'm content with that. It's not like people would actually want to be around someone who looks like me. A hideously scarred beast.Stuck in those awful memories of that day, I finish my JD, thankful when the world fades into oblivion.
