(Hey Guys! So, I know i should be working on TTB. And I'm going to. I'M not happy with it. so I'm going to re-write it. But Anyways! This is A story about Jasper, a human and a giant pot full of vampires. ;) sooo. Enjoy!) (Oh and: Disclaimer: I don't own anything but the Plot, and Sophie. and whoever else you don't recognize from TTS.)(Sophies Pov. Ch 1)"Mom! Why can't I stay with Peter and Char another year." "Because, I don't want your sister down there with that old man alone. Especially after her accident in phoenix.""Dad? What happened?""She fell down two flights of stairs and through a window. Running from some boyfriend."I giggled. "Sure sounds like her, Huh Momma?"She glared at me. "Do not speak of your sister that way. And you better lose that accent before you meet Phil or I will beat it out of you."'Yeah right. Peter and Char, wouldn't allow that.' I thought, but really said: "of course. Mom."She left me alone to pack and to go get her husband Phil.I packed all my winter clothes. (Which isn't much) and some of my less 'showy' clothes. Charlotte and peter stood at the door watching with depressed expressions."We knew it wouldn't last." I told my vampire friends."We should have faked your death months ago." Peter said. "I asked for you to." He glared at me."Don't start, you two." Char said with a giggle. And I smiled. "Yes Ma'am!"Venom tears filled her eyes. "I'm gonna miss you so much!" she said and threw her arms around me I hugged her back and smiled. "I love you Char!" I said getting emotional "I love you to Soph" Peter threw his arms around both of us. "I love both my girls!" we rolled our eyes but hugged him back and giggled. "Sophia! Time to go!" I heard my mom yell for me. I lifted my suite case and they followed me down. I seen Phil for the first time and smiled."Hey, I'm Sophie. Though, my mom prefers people to call me Sophia. So either is fine." I told him forcing my accent down. And smiling politely."Hello Sophie," He grinned and winked."I'm Phil." We shook hands.Peter and char had to stay in the shade."Hurry up, Sophia! You're gonna miss your flight." "I'm coming mom!" I waved bye one more time. Walking towards the doors. I got my ticket.I boarded. And settled in for a nap. When I got a text. "Where did you say you were going again?" the text asked It was Peter. "Forks. Washington." I replied. "I thought so. Gtg. Ttyl love you." His text talk cracks me up. "Love you to Pete." "Boyfriend?" asked a boy from beside me.I looked up. Seeing golden amber eyes and honey blonde hair. "Uh, No. It's a.uncle of sorts.""Oh. Sorry." He chuckled. I looked up again and noticed something.He wasPalevampire pale. "Shit." I muttered."Hmm?" he raised a perfect eyebrow."Ohuhohummmm. Nothing." I stuttered."I'm Jasper." He held out a hand."Sophie." I shook his icy hand."Where you coming from Sophie?""Arizona, though I live in TexasOr I did. I'm going to live in forks with my twin sister for a while.""Oh, really. I'm from Texas Also. I live in forks with my adoptive family. ""Do you go to Forks High? " I remember my mom mentioning the school."Yeah, with my brothers, Edward and Emmett Cullen. And my twin sister Rosalie. And my girlfriend Alice." I nod. I dozed off soon after.(However many hours it takes later. XD!)I woke up, slowly at an insistent poking in my rib cage."Sophia? HeyWake up.""What do you want Pete?" I asked groggily. "My names not Peter Darlin', (*Swoooooon*) It's Jasper.""HmmmOh." I opened my eyes to see Amber colored eyes looking down at me."Sorry, but we just landed.""OhThanks." I smiled politely.Not even attempting to hide my accent. I grabbed my backpack.And slowly followed Jasper off the plane."Well, I've got to go. There's my ride.""Give me your number? Then we'll be sure to stay in touch." I handed him my phone and he typed in the number. As I did his.I smiled and waved bye as I walked over to Charlie."Hey Dad." I hugged him. I was always closer to our father then Bella was.I turned and seen what I guess was my sister. "Bella?" I hadn't seen nor really talked to her in a couple years. "Hey Sophia." She did a small wave thing. She lookedSickly. She was pale and really skinny. Her hair was dull and lifeless."Girl, Are you on drugs?" my boots clacked on the tile as I followed them out into the rain."No" I rolled my eyes. I forgot how boring she was.We loaded up into the police cruiser."How many times have you been in the back of one of those?" Bella asked.I rolled my eyes again. "Never!" I defended.She looked at me with that look mom gives me. "Ugh, fine twice. It was Peters fault." My phone beeped. I looked at the text. 'Was not!' 'Shuttup.' I texted back. I stuck my headphones in and. Blared my favorite play list. Which consisted of some Skillet. And Luke Bryan. Some Fireflight,and Breaking Benjamin. My phone bleeped. It was a text from Jasper.'Hey!' 'Hey, what's up?' 'Eh. Nothing. Sitting in traffic. But I think I see you.' I looked around and seen him in the car next to mine. I waved. 'Lol. Well now you know. I'm a fugitive.' I giggled. 'Is that Bella swan in the front seat?' 'Uh...Yeah, she's my twin sister. Why?''Oh, nothing. But she's dating my brother. 'I raised an eyebrow at him through the window and he just shrugged. 'I don't see what she sees in him either. He's as bland as a bran muffin.' I giggled.'What's his name?' I asked 'Edward. Though I call him Edweirdo. When I'm bored.' I pulled out a headphone."Who's Edward?" I asked Bella. "Oh, he's my boyfriend. How do you know his name?" I smirked I'm gonna have a secret of my own. "Oh, momma told me." She shrugged letting it drop. I turned back to my phone. I couldn't see Jasper anymore traffic had started moving again.'Hey, I wanna play a little game. I don't want anyone to know that I know you. K? We'll like pretend that we don't know each other. It'll be fun.' I texted Jasper. The reply was almost immediate. 'Sounds fun. But does that mean I have to stop talking to you?''Nope ? we texted about random stuff until we reached forks where Bella immediately left to go to Edwards.I went up to our room to settle in. I noticed that a few things had changed. I looked over at the twin bed that didn't have any bedding on it. Guessing it was mine. I started putting my bedding on it. My comforter had sculls on it. And it was black and pink. I pulled out my laptop. I got on skype. I video called Peter. And waited for him to answer I decorated."Hey Soph, Miss me already? "Came his snarky voice. "No, not yet. Just wanted to know if the name Cullen meant anything to you." I said as I hung a poster on the wall on my side of the room. With pictures of me wearing red contacts on Halloween. I went as Jane Volturi. Charlotte covering her eyes from the camera. Pictures she snapped of me and Peter on a roller coaster.Peter's eyes turned away from the camera. But you could still see they were bright red. I decided I was gonna put that one back in my bag. To obvious."Uh. Not really. Though. The name Jasper would.""Hmm. Okay. Well I got to go. Love you fools.""I love you to Soph." I heard Charlotte yell from the background."Love ya Soph. Be good." I laughed and shut my laptop. I finished hanging up my pictures. My favorite went above my headboard.It was a picture of me and Peter and Charlotte flipping off the camera. They had contacts in so their eyes were a muddy brown. I plopped down on my bed. Texted Jasper some. Bored out of my mind I finally stood. I walked down the stairs where Charlie was screaming at the TV with a tan Native American who was sitting in a wheelchair. I grinned "Who's playing?" "Pittsburgh vs. Cleveland." I grinned. "I forgot we were playing tonight I sat down excitedly cross-legged on the floor. Watching the Football game eagerly. Screaming occasionally."C'mon Rothlessburger." We (Pittsburgh) won 21-7. I stood up yawning. I kissed my dad on the cheek."I'm going to bed." I walked up the stairs noticing the bedroom door was closed. I opened it and raised my eye brows when I spotted a vampire quickly leaving the room. My eyes are trained to see their forms. I walked over to the window and shut it. Locking it."What are you doing?" Bella asked from her bed. "It's freezing in here. I'm shutting the window. Do you have a problem with that?" "N-N-No." I smiled and walked to my suitcase that laid beside my bed. Unzipping it, I heard her voice again. "Who are the people in the pictures?" I walked over to the wall of photos. I pointed to the one of Char covering her eyes. "This is Charlotte. Everyone calls her Char." I pointed to another. It was of a passerby vampire I'd met when I was younger. "This is Zachary. I met him in Europe. When I was younger." And another. "This is my best friend in the whole wide world. Peter. He's married to Char." And another. "This is Thomas-J. Uh. I met him in Italy. Last year." I pointed to one of a dog and me with a horse standing behind me. "This is my Husky Luka. I had to leave him in Texas. And the horse is my baby. Bluebell.""You take a lot of pictures.""Well, memories fade. And I want to remember everything." I went back to my suit case where I pulled out a clean set of pajamas. I went and changed I came back and climbed in bed I called Peter on Video chat once I was sure Bella was sleeping."Ugh. Pete. I hate it here." I whispered. I had my headphones in. The only way to wake her up is if I was insanely loud."I'm sorry Sophie-Poo.""How's Luka? Can I see him?" Peter sat the computer in front of the black and white husky who howled when he saw me. "Hey baby. I love you. Yes who's a good boy?" I looked up and shivered. The feeling I was being watched was getting over whelming."I wanna come home Pete.""I know. Get some sleep. I'll talk to you in the morning." The video call ended. I shut my laptop and rolled over dozing off. I could hear whispering when my eyes opened again."What are we gonna do Edward. I can hardly sleep without you anymore""I don't know Bella." I sat up. Smirking I looked at them."Could ya keep it down? I'm trying to sleep. Jesus. I don't wanna be here either. But I'm stuck here. I would much rather be in Texas with MY fucking family. Not here with people who could give a rat's ass if I was alive, dead. Or icy cold with the thirst for blood like this freak." I looked up at the sky getting the feeling Peter was listening with his yoda. "Sorry about the Jab to Vampires Peter."My phone bleeped. And I calmed down a little letting out a giggle as I looked at the text. 'No problem. Kick ass Soph.' Edward looked.Shocked. Bella, speechless. I grinned and rolled over. Going back to sleep.
