Just like I promise I am writing a japers little story  Queen of twilight fanfic Disclaimer: I don't own twilight I only own this plot :(Bella Pov:1732My big brother Jasper and me was sitting in the field just watching the sun set, when suddenly jasper turned to me with a worried expression on his face. "Bells I took you to our field because I need to tell you something that might be very hard on you," he said as he turned to me so that I was right in front of him. When he said those words I got worried also. "What would that be jazz," I said my southern voice coming out strong."I'm joining the army, to help everyone fight." My eyes drew tears that streamed down my face, I understood he's need to help them fight but, I couldn't stop myself from trying to get my brother to stay. "But jazz you're the only one I can trust here. Father wants me to get find a rich suitor and have kids and mother is siding right along with him. You know they don't care about me they never did. The only care about the money, I don't have any friends no one will be there for me if you leave. You are the only one who loves me and you are my friend. You are my big brother who is going to protect me when you go?" I said spilling my heart out hoping it will be enough to make him think."Baby sister I know that everything you spoke is true but I need to do this. I promise I will see you again this won't be the last time we will talk to each other," He said and pulled me into a warm huge. "Promise?" I whispered. "I promise."With that we lend back into the grass and saw that it was now dark and the stars were out. I spared a second to study the stars and its beauty and then looked back to jasper. "When are you leaving Jasper," I said sadly. I was expecting him to say in a month or to but I was utterly heart broken when he uttered his next words. "I have to leaveright now," He said as he got up slowly and pick me up with him. More tears came out of my blue eyes and I hugged him close and savored the last moments I had with jasper tell the end of the war. I lifted up my dress a little so I would not trip and we walked back to our home slowly.When we got their father and mother hugged jasper as he was getting ready for his departure. When he was finally on his horse I came to him for a final goodbye. "Farwell my brother I will see you again when the war is over, please make sure you write me letters and I will do the same.""I will make sure I do that Farwell my sister I will see you again," With that he tilted his cow boy hat and he rode of. Something strange happen it's like I knew that I won't be able to see my big brother for a long, long time.
