Name: Calla LilySummary: Isabella Swan is one of the best interior designers in London, when she gets assigned to the mysterious Manor, Bella can't help but notice the elusive bachelor that owns the place. Shocked and alerted by her attraction to this dark man, Bella knows that his charms are obviously hard to resist but she must for the sake of her career but will she be able to? Set in London, England.Rated: M - lemons, dark themes and violenceCouples: Canon - E/BGenre: Romance/DramaDisclaimer: All characters belong to Stephanie Meyer and the plot belongs to Jodi Malpas. This story is purely for entertainment purposes, no profit is made from the writing of this story.No copyright infringement intended.Hi guys!I wonder if I have any readers, if you are reading this then thank you for understanding. If you have no idea what I'm talking about, divert your attention to my profile and you will understand. I hope you can all forgive me and I will not keep you any longer. I am determined to keep this as one story at a time, I may come up with other ideas but I will not start them until I have finished what I have initially begun. I will make a note of the new idea and maybe start it in the future. Enjoy!(This is how we do, This is how we do)Oh ohSipping on Ros, Silver Lake sun, coming up all lazy(This is how we do)Slow cooking pancakes for my boy, still up, still fresh as a DaisyPlaying ping pong all night long, everything's all neon and hazy(This is how we do)Chanel this, Chanel that, hell yeahAll my girls vintage Chanel babyIt's no big deal, it's no big deal, it's no big dealThis is no big dealThis is how we do, yeah, chilling, laid backStraight stuntin' yeah we do it like thatThis is how we do, do do do do, this is how we doThis is how we do, yeah, chilling, laid backStraight stuntin' yeah we do it like thatThis is how we do, do do do do, this is how we do~ This Is How We Do - Katy Perry ~Chapter 1Meeting2nd June 2014, 07.35I was panicking as I scrambled around my bedroom in search of my Christian Louboutin nude heels, a present from my best friend Rosalie when I first started to Newton Designers. I was huffing and puffing in irritation, I really needed to clean this room but I didn't have time because rush hour traffic in London wasn't exactly something that would magically help you when you were running late. I wanted to cry, I knew Rose would only laugh at my expense if I called out for her to help me. I could hear her bashing a whisk against a ceramic bowl from the kitchen downstairs, the adjoined shop on to our home. Well her home, I was just living here since I had the most horrible break up ever with my ex-boyfriend Jacob. Rose had warned me but I defended him to the ends of the earth, we were together for three years until I finally realised I was better than this and deserved happiness instead of staying with a guy who enjoyed sticking his penis into every pulsing female on the planet.With a cheer of self praise, I found my heels and quickly slid my feet into them as I smoothed my black pencil dress with the v-neckline and capped sleeves. I knew a trip to House of Fraser was necessary this weekend but I wondered if Rose would be up for it. If she was busy driving around in her Volkswagen Beatle in an attempt to deliver cakes then she had another thing coming. That car was beautiful, I would give her that but it was old and worn out, she needed to get a new vehicle before I actually rammed it into a wall myself.I ran a hand through my mahogany locks, my chocolate brown eyes focusing on my reflection. I was naturally pale but my eyes were wide without the need to use mascara and eye liner, I didn't need blush because it always tended to come to me without even trying and my lips were always a soft shade of rouge. I grabbed my handbag and slung it over my shoulder, heading down the stairs as I swiped my keys off the coffee table in the centre of the living room as I headed into the kitchen.Rose had cake mix smeared across her right cheek, her tongue poking out of the corner of her mouth as she continued to beat the mixture as though it was being punished. Her head snapped up, her intense blue eyes landing on me as a piece of her golden blonde hair slipped from the greasy messy bun she was supporting. I cocked an eyebrow and she grinned, "Aren't you late enough as it is Swan? What were you doing up there anyway?""Trying to find these babies," I informed, sticking out my foot and twirling my ankle around for dramatic effect. "Anyway, I'm late and I really need to go.""You're not going to make it on time," Rose stated, I rolled my eyes at her little faith but raced out of the front door without another word as I climbed into my red Mini Cooper and zoomed down the street.I had Bon Jovi blasting out of the radio as I sang badly along to the song. I didn't care if people stared at me as I drove through the streets, stuck in the traffic, it didn't bother me. I tapped my manicured fingernails against the top of the wheel as I hummed along, glancing around to see that I probably wasn't the only person in the UK running late for work. It was Monday morning and I was only 26 years old, you're allowed to run late for work a few times. Besides Michael Newton wouldn't be bothered, he usually sauntered in later than me and I was usually late on a Monday. Nevertheless, he was the boss so I guess he was allowed to be late for work.When I finally arrived, I parked up and hurried into the office. I was only ten minutes late and glancing into Newton's office told me that he had yet to arrive. I threw myself into my chair with a victory yell as the receptionist, Samantha turned to glance at me. She was wearing her typical attire of a high necked blouse and a long brown tartan skirt with shoes that not even my grandmother would wear. Her blonde hair was piled neatly on the top of her head as she pushed her thick rimmed glasses up her nose. I bet she was a hell cat in the bedroom but I wouldn't be surprised if she wasn't, she was a bit of a prude according to my co-worker, Embry.However, he couldn't really say anything when he was in love with some different every week. My fairy prince of the north was probably off at Mrs. Truscot's house right now, dealing with her unsatisfied arse again considering she was never fucking happy but she always kept going back to Embry. I was the youngest one here but my modern edge for all things new had caught Michael's eye, he hired me and was shocked at how successful I'd become so soon. Of course, the overload of work started to get too much for me and he desired to hire Victoria, a red head who was already sitting at her desk, filing her nails while she animatedly chatted to one of her clients. She grinned at me with a wink, she wouldn't snitch on me for being late, we all had each other's backs."Where's Em?" I mouthed, Victoria shrugged and continued to offer the client the best possible price just as Embry came sauntering into the office muttering unhappily to himself.I cocked my eyebrow and he caught me, grinning like a Cheshire cat and flashing me his perfectly bright white teeth against his russet skin. He had tousled jet-black hair but he was wearing a hideous blue shirt with a revolting red tie. "Good morning princess.""Morning Fairy Queen," I greeted, he chuckled and then shot an apologetic look at Victoria as he hurried to his desk. He dropped his bag to the top, throwing him back into his chair with a heavy sigh. "How was your weekend?""It was fabulous!" he responded, "I have a date tonight.""With another love of your life?" I shot, he rolled his eyes."I promise you, this one is the one," he promised. I giggled at him as I opened my diary and then I sighed. "Oh baby, that sounds like a sigh of sadness right there, maybe you need someone between your legs to show you the stars.""No thank you," I felt my mouth twist in disgust, the thought of actually having a male between my legs at the moment made me feel sick especially considering I'd to get tested after my break up with Jacob. I didn't know who he was shoving his dick in. I know I broke up with him three months ago and I really should move out of Rose's but it wasn't like she was kicking me out."Our Bella knows how to play but always let's 'em hang," Victoria commented with a grin and a wink, Samantha rose to her feet and asked us if we wanted coffee. I requested a cup of tea to be awkward but Victoria was right on board with me. Embry tutted and shook his head in disgust, Victoria shot him an incredulous look, "Honey at least her clothes go, you look like you've been vomited on by fairies."Embry scoffed, "Excuse me darling, but I think you will find that I look amazing. It's not about what I have on, it's about what's underneath and let me tell you honey, I'm packing in the goods department."I burst into a fit of giggles just as Michael entered. I inwardly cringed when I noticed a few of buttons were threatening to pop open over his protruding stomach, since he insisted on having his suit jacket open. Michael was our 57 year old boss with a hairline that receded so much that he only had grey hair around the back of his head and his ears. He grinned at all of us, his soft blue eyes crinkling at the corners as he stopped on his way to his office, "How are you Bella? Is everything ready for the Lusso launch?"I nodded, "Just a few more adjustments and everything should be in order.""Fantastic, you have a meeting at The Manor shortly right?" Michael asked, I wanted to tell him that he was throwing me in the deep end by sending me to wherever I was going and that maybe Embry would be better but I knew how Michael had tried to plead my case to the elusive owner, who I hadn't spoken too. He went through Michael to ensure that he got me as the one that did up whatever I would be doing when I started working there."Yeah, who am I dealing with again?""Mr. Cullen," Michael spoke tersely, clearly looking worried that I couldn't even remember the client's name, though he obviously didn't realise I was kidding. "I actually suggest you leave now, traffic is bad enough and you want to make a good impression kiddo, right?"I smiled warmly, Michael was like our father in some ways, you had to love him. He worried about our well being and if we weren't happy with something, we told him and he dealt with it. I got to my feet, gathering my things and waved them all good bye, apologising to Samantha for the fact she'd made a wasted cup of tea though she didn't seem to mind. Sliding into my Mini, I let out a long breath.Well Mr. Cullen, let's see what you've got for me.~ CL ~As I drove through the countryside, happy that there wasn't any horrible traffic around here as I sung along to the radio, setting for BBC Radio 2 instead of my favourite Bon Jovi CD. I would live to get a house out here, it seemed to peaceful and the cows on the grassy fields seemed to enjoy it also. Letting out a long breath, my mind wandered to Jacob, though I couldn't understand why. I didn't miss him, that was sure but I guess sometimes you just had to deal with things. It didn't really matter to me what he was doing, if he was shoving his dick into fifty different women at the same time, he could do that but as long as he didn't have a girl waiting for him at home then it was fine by me. Of course, Rose hadn't even hinted at me moving out, we'd been best friends for the best part of twenty years, when she was sixteen she dated my older brother Sam but it didn't work out. They were polar opposites and their relationship was pretty much toxic from the start, their war of a breakup had me stuck in the middle but I chose to not get involved.Leaning back in my seat, I turned up the long looming driveway with trees covering the sides and looming over the top, almost making it impossible for the light to penetrate through the thick brush above. The shadows weren't scary though, not like something in a horror movie, in fact, they were oddly welcoming. I smiled to myself but then felt that turning into a grimace when I was halted by two looming gold gates with the lavish words written across the centre.The Manor.I got out of my car and searched around myself, looking anywhere and everywhere for an intercom."It's behind you," came a deep, serious voice, I whirled to see it, sitting in the centre of a bush made of polished silver with a black speaker in the centre. I felt my eyebrow arched until I glanced up to see a camera, moving a little a though it was getting a closer look.I practically ran to the intercom, "Hi I'm Bella Swan from Newton Designers.""I know who you are, girl," the deep voice responded though I could hear the humour, I felt the corners of my mouth twitching with a smile.The gates started to open and instantly I wanted to yell through the intercom, he could have at least given me a chance to get back to my car. I nearly twisted my ankle, heels are not good for the uncoordinated, especially when it was this pristine gravel that almost appeared as though it was hoovered everyday to keep it looking immaculate. I parked up my Mini but felt a little inferior considering all the other cars parked here were Bentley's, Mercedes, Aston Martins, Porsche', Audis, every expensive car you could think of was here in some shape or form. I sighed, sliding out of my car and slamming the door, when I glanced over I noticed the looming figure standing at the top of the porch steps.I picked up my folders and swung my handbag over my shoulder, I chewed my bottom lip as I headed over, trying my best not to fall. "Miss Swan?""The one and only," I joked, he curtly nodded in response."This way."Rude.I followed him into The Manor, my eyes widening in shock at the vast expanse of the grand foyer. However there was no reception desk when this was clearly an expensive hotel, my eyes noticed a book sitting on a low table beside a vase holding a single calla lily. There was a wide staircase opposite me with a corridor that veered both left and right. I knew that I couldn't dally because I'd probably get lost knowing me. Big dude had ran off with his black dreadlocks and ebony skin, he was utterly terrifying. I couldn't see what colour his eyes were because they covered with heavy tinted sunglasses and the coiled wire coming from his right ear screamed body guard. He was wearing an expensive suit, it looked like Armani but I wasn't an expert in men's suits.I entered a room that had laminate flooring but there were round tables with only two chairs on either side, streaming in from the long window was the sunlight and ultimately lit the room up beautiful. A gold plaque on the word had the words 'The Summer Room' scratched into it. I smiled gently at the patrons as they glanced at me suspiciously, some of them sneered whilst others gave me soft looks. There were wild flowers crawling up each of the orange walls with the yellow table cloths thrown over the top of the tables with a bar built into an alcove on the wall.When big guy stopped, I found myself grinding to a halt and holding my portfolios closer to my chest as he knocked once on the door before throwing it open. "Edward, Miss Swan is here to see you."The chair that was currently facing the window turned around and the words that shot across my mind were correct as my eyes widened slightly.Oh shit!I hope you enjoyed this chapter!Thank you for reading and leave me a review to let me know.Love you all!Again, the plot belongs to Jodi Malpas and I have stolen The Manor from her purely for entertainment purposes and not because I am making a profit. I hope she doesn't mind but this is fanfiction and when you are sticking to the plot of something, you tend to use what they used I'm just changing the characters. Thank you for reading again and love you allEmiJ-xxxx
