SORRY ABOUT ALL THE MISTAKES WILL BE BETTER IN THE FUTURE''EDWARD I DON'T NEED A BABY SITTER JUST GO '' I screamed angrily trying to convince this dumb ass that I was fine to stay in his house alone. '' NO BELLA YOU DO NOT KNOW WHAT IS BEST FOR YOU NOW STAY IN THIS HOUSE AND IF THEY ASK YOU IF YOU WANT TO GO OUT OR ANYTHING THAT HAS TO DO WITH OT SIDE THIS HOUSE YOU SAY NO'' I nodded my head just wanting him to leave. He stepped out the front door with the rest of the family. Before he ran off he turned and said ''I love you'' I was not going to say what I did not feel. ''Thank you Edward'' and slammed the door before he could say anything. I turned around to see that Emmett was trying not to laugh but could was having a hard time doing so. Jasper was smiling at my reply but there was pity in his eyes. I was not sure who the pity for but I guess he felt my confusion and said it was for me. I was happy the someone knew what I was going through and cared.We sat on the couch watching a movie about vampires we could not help but laugh at how untrue all of it was. When I got a text from Alice I thought she was going to tell me about how I hurt Edwards feelings but I really did not care he hurt me to much for me to careI opened the text too see what she had sent me.ALICE. Bella I hope you have a good time while we are on our trip I hid some stuff in the basement so you could have a good time with some people and get away from Edward. Jasper and Emmett will take care of you. I know that you do not like big crowds but please try and have a nice time. Don't worry about Edward text me when you look at it.After I read the text I was curious to find out what this could be and why she could not tell me on the text and if Edward knew or not.I got up from the couch, noticing I had never been in there basement be for. '' You guys know where the basement is right can you take me there'' I asked interrupting there movie time.''No shit Sherlock, and of course we will talk you to the basement'' Emmett said with enthusiasm. Jasper and Emmett guided me to the basement. '' Do you guys happen to know what Alice is hiding in the basement.''''No we would tell you if she was and why would Alice be hiding something'' said Jasper confused. '' well she said I was going to be around other people and it was a big crowd '' I replied. Emmett was going o say something when we walked in to the basement.''Wow ''''Alice is something else'''' Bella I think we have a party to set up''There was probably 1,000 boxes of booze, lots of decorations and weed and all other Bella types of stuff for a party. But I did not want to have a party I hated parties.''What do you mean we have a party to set up'' I said and Emmett's comment '' well it is kind of obvious that we are going to have a party''''I know that but I don't want to have a party '' I said and when Emmett going to protest, the barbie girl song came on. I stared at Emmett in astonishment when he picked up his phone and said ''Hello''.I looked over to jasper to see him shaking his head at Emmett.'' Bells Alice wants to talk to you'' I took the phone from Emmett looking at him wondering if could have gone insane. I put the phone to my ear and all the sudden Alice stared screaming at me I pulled the phone away from my ear so my ear drum wound not burst.''Alice stop yelling you are killing my ears'' I yelled back at her.'' I am sorry Bella but I just really want you to get off your almost flat ass, stop making flatter and just stand up to Edward and have a good time. I know that you are scared but seriously stop and tell him to shut his controlling ass up. And Bella listen I can see that you debating on leaving Edward but you have to make up your mind or you are going to stuck with him when you don't want.'' she said in a pleading voice.'' Slice I don't know if I can do that I am scared that if I do he will get mad at me and hurt me again.'' I said about to cry at my own situation.'' Bella please stand up to him if you don't you will never be happy'' I did not understand how is standing up to Edward changing anything. All it is going to do is hurt one of us and I don't want it to be him. '' Bella put Jasper on the phone and just go along with it please'' I handed Jasper the phone and went up stairs to think about what I was going to do an what she meant.But there was guy standing in the living room. Not just a guy a vampire, with red eyes. I screamed for Jasper and Emmett to get there dicks in here they where by my side in seconds.''Oh hay brother'' Jasper said walking to the red eyed vampire in there house, wait did he just say brother. He walked over with his arms open, but instead off of hugging him he pushed him up against the wall. '' If you dare touch her I will hurt you.''''Who is the human and why are you so perspective over her?'' he said I was so scared but I calmed down when i got the hint that I was with Jasper and Emmett and that I was safe. But it hurt to be addressed as the human I did not like it she or little girl even would be much better than that.'' My name is Bella I am Edward soon not to be mate and now that you now me... who the hell are you'' I said trying not to let my nervousness show to much. Jasper eyed me and Emmett just said he ''Knew it was going to happen sooner or later.'' It hurt that he thought that before.'' Feisty thang ain't she '' I glared at the read eyed vampire.''Peter please stop'' Jasper aid oh well his name is peter he looked like a peter.Peter was a lot hotter than Edward and he had a nice building. Arms that filled his v-neck sleeves. He had dirty blond hair. He was taller than Edward. He was more manly I should say, I could go on and on about how perfect his futures where but I noticed I was staring at him the same way I was staring at him. With lust.
