So this is a story that i can't stop thinking about since Januar... Ive been literally daydreaming about this story every single day and a few days ago the idea came into my mind that I may stop daydreaming and thinking about it if i write it down and share it with you, because that helped with my very first fanfiction too, so i changed a few names, but the plot is still the same. Hope you like it.PrologueRenee was lying on her bed at late in the evening. She was over 9 month pregnant with her fourth child and was already due 3 weeks ago. Meanwhile Renee was worried to death that something may be wrong with her baby, Charlie wasn't concerned at all.This would be their fourth and last child, the last spirit they would born. The spirit of fire. Before they've had the spirit of Air, Water and Earth. Decades ago Charlie and Renee were destined to born the four main Spirits and they nearly fufilled it.Isabella Marie Swan. That's how they would call the Spirit of Fire, if she ever decides to leave her mother's womb. Charlie thinks it's typical since children from the Element Fire were usually late due to their stubborness and since Isabella is the Spirit she is much more stubborn.The only problem is that Isabella's mother is from the Element Ice and meanwhile she is not a spirit she still managed to give birth to them. Renee had to contain her element so Isabella could grow without any complications. But that also meant that Renee got weaker."My love please eat it. I can't bare to see you this weak." Charlie whispered with a pained expression as he held a bowl with Ice in it."No Charlie I haven't been in contact with Ice the past 9 month, to make sure Isabella is fine. And I won't until she is born." Renee told her husband with a serious look on her face.She wasn't going to hurt Bella when she was that close in giving birth. When she was that close to hold her little baby girl.He sighed. "I know, but maybe that's what she needs. To give her a little push to come. The Ice will put her in distress and maybe then you'll give birth."Renee thought about it for a brief moment. "And what if I only hurt her and don't give birth?""I don't think you'll hurt her badly. She's a Spirit remember? She'll heal." Charlie assured her as he took Renee's hand."Alright.." Renee said, still a little unsure. But nevertheless she took the bowl out of Charlie's hands.As soon as her skin touched the Ice, a strong impulse rushed through her body. She felt her body get colder again and second for second she was feeling stronger and stronger.She was connected to her Element again.Suddenly and though expected she felt a sharp pain in her lower abdomen. Isabella started to rapidly kick and she felt how Isabella used her Element for protection. Renee fell onto her bed. She couldn't bare the enourmous pain that Isabella was inflicting her. With all he power she was trying to surpress the urge to use her Element against Fire.But it didn't work. She felt how her body started to fight against the hotness that was coming from her stomach. Her Element was fighting Isabella."Charlie!" Renee screamed out in pain. She was moving back and forth in her bed, her hands on her stomach.Charlie was next to her in a second as he stared at his wife in shock. He didn't expect such a reaction from the baby. Yes he expected Bella to defend herself, bur never did he imagine that she would burn Renee from the inside out."Isabella Marie Swan, STOP IT NOW." Charlie roared. And it worked. Of course it worked. No one has power over a Spirit except it parents or another Spirit. Charlie was both. He was the Spirit of Electricity and Isabella's father."She.. she.. I think she stopped." Renee said after she catched her breath again."Are you okay, my love?" Charlie whispered as he pulled her closer to him."Yes, but I'm not sure about Bella. This is my fault, I couldn't surpress my Element once I touched the Ice" Renee schreeched."It's not your fault. I shouldn't have given the Ice to you." Charlie apologised."I wish she would just come out." Renee sighed after a while.And just like that, she felt another sharp pain in her abdomen, but this time they were contractions. Renee's first reaction was a smile, she forgot about the pain for a second and was happy that she was finally going to see her baby girl.They didn't call a midwife or went to the hospital, because no one could help them with the delivery with a Spirit. In fact the delivery would rather hurt others if they were too close. Charlie and Renee were in the same situation three times before so they knew what to expect. Renee didn't have to push, little Isabella would make her way out of her womb on herself. And being from fire, she would bite her way out. Renee closed her eyes and scream as Isabella made her way out. Giving birth to a Spirit is usually very quick and so it only took about 2 minutes before Isabella was out.And of course she started crying."Welcome to the world Princess Isabella Marie Swan. Spirit of Fire. Fourth in line." Charlie greeted his daughter."She's so beautiful." Renee whispered as she pulled Isabella into a blanket. Isabella snuggled herself closer into her mom's chest."Indeed she is. Should we call our other children to meet their little baby sister?" Charlie asked. Renee shook her head. She was totally lost in Isabella."Not yet, they should finish their Training first and I want to rest a little." Renee told him and he nodded in understandment.Besides Isabella, the couple has three other children. Emmett is the oldest and the Spirit of Earth, then comes Baxter who is the Spirit of Air and then they got a girl named Avanna who is four and the Spirit of Water. Now the four would be complete with Isabella.Suddenly a firery portal opened in the middle of the room. Charlie and Renee had to cover their eyes and even though they couldn't see that way, they knew who it was. It was Marcus, the dragon and other half of the Spirit of Fire. Isabella wouldn't be fully a Spirit if Marcus won't enter her on her 16th Birthday. Marcus was in his clear form, so he still looked like dragon but instead of flesh and blood there was fire."She is finally born." He said in his deep voice."Yes she is, but what makes you come? None of the others visited my other children when they were born." Renee asked, slightly concerned.What does he want from them? From Isabella? She was only a baby."She can't be here for the first sixteen years of her life. It's for everyones own good. If Isabella stays here, she'll get out of control. Literally. The other three are calmer than her, you can teach them how to control their Element." Marcus told them and Renee immediately tightened her grip on Isabella."Noo!" Renee screamed."So it will be impossible for us to teach her how to control her Element?" Charlie asked lost in his thoughts."Yes. All thr power she will conceive from all of you, will make her loose control and since I can only enter her when she is 16 I see no other way." Marcus said."But why? And how? Even if you take her away she'll still have her Element. " Charlie said."I turn her human until she turns 16." Marcus said and Renee let out a cry."But that means she can't stay with us! There must be another way. What are we gonna tell our people? And most importanly the fire nation? " Renee sobbed."I'll deal with that. But I need to take her now." Marcus said and just like that he make Isabella fly across the room. The baby was giggling.They made their way to the portal and Renee ran after them, trying to get her baby girl back, but it was too late.Isabella was gone.I'm kind of writing this for my own too, so I'll wait for your response if you want me to continue it here or not. If not I'll delete the story and continue it for my own, if you want me to continue then tell me so. Hope you liked it. 
