"Come on Bella, we'll go Rollerblade today like we used to. It'll be fun" Renee said pulling Bella from the kitchen table to the front door."You didn't just say that right? I'll probably kill the whole rink if I don't die first. Remember what happened last time." Bella said amazed that her mother even suggested it."You were like 6 now come on, it's mother daughter bonding time. Renee said with a big smile on her face.Bella had been sentenced to a summer in Arizona for her mother to spend time with her. Bella had agreed to it when she asked to stay with Charlie for the rest of the year. Bella had no idea she would fall in love with a vampire and have to be away from him for the extended period.Edward had offered to come with her, but Renee only agreed to have him stay for two weeks because she wanted to spend most of her time with Bella even though she needed to meet the boy who captured her daughter's heart."This is some sadistic torture isn't it? Not only are you subjecting me to serious injury, but the whole rink of people. Wow, mom. Didn't think you would do that." Bella half joked staring down at her mother tightening her rollerblades."Oh okay that's enough. You are not going to hurt yourself or others. You are not that clumsy and you never were." Renee said, starting to get exasperated at her daughters antics. "You were six and learning how to skate. Kids fall and so you crashed into a few people. Only that one kid got injured and that was because he had come speeding down the wrong way. Now get you but on the rink.""Okay, okay, but don't say I didn't warn you" Bella said giving up the argument.Very much to Bella's surprise, she was able to glide along the length of the rink after much persuasion from her mother had her releasing the railing. She was soon able to glide around the rink, arm in arm with Renee."Listen, I want to talk to you about Edward." Renee asked hesitantly."What about him? I thought you liked him. 'quite the gentleman' if I remember correctly" Bella replied still watching her blades uncertainly lead her in wavy directions."That's the thing though" Renee spoke hoping what she said wouldn't hurt her daughter too much "He's too much of a gentleman. I mean he looks like God carved him from stone, but he acts like a 100 old man sometimes and treats you like glass. Don't you want to have some freedom now and to go a bit wild? I know I did at your age and maybe I still do."Bella just realised the position she had been put in. She couldn't leave the coming conversation if she wanted to "He acts mature and I am so clumsy, he just doesn't want me flopping all over the place in a heap of klutziness." Bella defended her boyfriend."See, that too!" Renee said. "What has Forks done to you that made you think you are some accident prone mess? And when did you start caring about how other people see you? You loved all your fandoms and fangirly stuff, you dressed with more thought to how your movie themed T shirts presented the art than what brand they were and you also seem to want to look like some unattainable-ripped-right-out-of-a-magazine-supermodel. Is this because of Edward? Because I don't like you changing your personality to fit his. You are only 18 and you are beautiful and amazing enough to have anyone you wanted." Renee said with a smile."Um.. thanks" Bella said abashed. "Yeah I guess I never really thought about it. Edward and his family are just so inhumanly beautiful that it's hard to feel pretty." Bella said abashed with realisation dawning on her face "Alice has been teaching me how to dress, but I stopped with the fangirl stuff because being the new girl was hard enough. I do miss it though, not that I don't keep up to date in secret." Bella said with a sheepish smile."I knew it!" Renee exclaimed "I knew the awesome geeky Bella I raised was still there. And to think I thought I had lost you to Edw" Renee stopped skating and her hand flung over her mouth in shock at her own words."What do you mean 'lost me to Edward'?" Bell asked curiouslyUh  well, I was hoping we could avoid that train of the conversation, but I guess not." Renee sighed as she led Bella off the rink."You think Edward has changed me or something, in a bad way?" Bella asked not understanding the thought. Edward had done nothing, but love and protect her."I was kind of telling you before but don't interrupt me, I'm going to tell you what I have observed okay?" Renee pleaded"Okay" Bella said still confused"When you left for Forks you were happy and content with your slight obsessions." Renee began teasingly, "You never cared about what anyone thought of you and you had a confidence in you that showed even unconsciously.""When you moved in with your father, he called me asking me if he should send you back, saying you looked like you were getting depressed by the town. We were going to arrange living a situation with you here, but then you found Edward and I had told Charlie this is what you needed as long as you didn't get too attached. I felt held down in Forks and I didn't want that for you. We thought you would be happier after getting a boyfriend, but the story from Charlie is that you got worse. You became self-doubting, self-conscious, quiet and withdrawn. This is why I wanted you here, to give you a break from Edward and his family, tell you our side.""I see." Is all Bella could make in reply to all this information."Just think about it over the next few weeks and then talk to me. I'll give you some time" Renee said. "While we're speaking, I know I'm not the best mother, not being around for you much at all, but please understand, I was a single mother and I had to help myself before I could help you help yourself.""You mean the hobbies and stuff?" Bella asked avoiding issue of Edward swirling around her mindYeah I was depressed and needed something to help me fight, make life brighter. You were the brightest thing out there and you stopped me from doing the unthinkable. None of the hobbies worked, but you made my world glow" Renee revealed."That means so much to me mom" Bella said hugging her mother. She had always thought they didn't have a strong relationship and felt she had been a dead weight holding Renee down, being a burden, but hearing her say this just made Bella's heart grow that much more.For the rest of their time together Bella had thought about what her mother had said and started noticing things she had been blind to before.She was not nearly as clumsy as most people, maybe the odd trip and fall, but nothing out of the ordinary. She realised that was because she was always surrounded by flawless Vampires. She also guessed this had taken a hit on her self-esteem. As for being withdrawn, she could only put that up to being afraid to be herself. She wanted to seem older than she was, she wanted to be mature enough for him, not the girl afraid to talk about her likes and dislikes (geeky stuff). Funnily enough it was because of her love of fantasy that she was so intrigued by Edward in the first place and when she mentioned radioactive spider or kryptonite, she really was hoping he would confess, but instead he laughed in her face. Vampire was not what she was expecting, but not a disappointment either."Mom, I think I'm going to take a break from Edward for a bit. I'm not breaking up with him, but what you said may take some time to process" Bella said as she hugged her mother goodbye at the airport."I'm glad you are so understanding about this. I was just concerned." Renee said with relief showing in her voice.
