I Didn't Expect ThisDisclaimer: I don't own Twilight or Stephanie Meyer's characters just the plot. This is an idea I have been storing up in my head for the longest time and I have decided to push it out there in the global world and replace my two unfinished stories. Please don't judge. I hope this story is good and I hope lots of you review and tell me if you like itPrologue:Based on the events in NM, Bella is left in the woods by Edward and Sam finds her curled up on the forest floor frozen and unconscious. It's been weeks since Edward has been gone and doesn't seem to be coming back soon or at all. When Jacob has been there to help her put the pieces back together of her broken heart, it's not yet completely healed when things go wrong again.Chapter OneIf he doesn't answer this call, I'm gonna have to drive up there to see what the hell is wrong and why he can't pick up the damn phone if he's just sick with mono. I mean that shouldn't have stopped him from answering the phone and talking to me. These thoughts kept running through my head, making me flustered and angry. That's the tenth time I tried calling his house this week. He should be better by now, shouldn't he?No answer.Well.if he's not answering his phone then I'm gonna have to find out what's happened to him. Billy wouldn't give me much details to Jacob's health and says Jacob doesn't want to talk to me, that's ludicrous, he's my best friend. And I told Billy this as such.Grabbing my shoes and jacket, I slip them on me before I grab my keys and walk out the door. Walking down my steps I came close to slipping on thin ice on the last step, good thing I caught my balance in time or that would have been a nasty fall. Sighing is satisfaction that I made it to my beast of a truck with no harm; I hopped in and pulled out of my driveway before thinking of stopping myself and turning back.Taking ten minutes, it wasn't long before I pulled into the driveway of a little red house of the Black residence. Grimacing of what my excuse was for being here, I needed to know why Jacob didn't answer my calls or return them. Sliding out of the truck I hadn't realized it had started raining. Running up to the steps, I knocked rapidly twice on the door.No answer.Sighing again I stepped back from the door and was heading back to my truck when I saw him coming around the side of the house."Jake.""Go home Bella, you shouldn't be here." Jake was in front of me now pushing me towards my truck."What the hell has gotten into you Jake, you're not returning my calls or answering them. You're my best friend Jake, I was worried." I screamed at him over the roaring in my ears from the pouring rain.Jake wouldn't meet my eyes as he said what truly broke my heart once again."Go home Bella, I don't want to see you over here again, we can't be friends anymore and I never want to be friends with some leechlover." Jacob roared at me in his anger, I could tell he was starting to tremble now. He must be getting cold since all he was wearing were cutoffs in this freezing rain. But when I touched his arm it was anything but cold, he was hot. Like he should be dead with how hot his temperature was. Jerking his arm free of my grip I practically felt the hate rolling off of him."You don't mean that Jake, please, you're the last good thing I have left." I all but beg him, his temperature all but forgot for now. "Why are you doing this?""You and those precious Cullen's that you love so much, that's why. They had to come around here and ruin everything when they moved here, and you dating one really pissed me off Bella." He's practically yelling at me now. With tears running down my face you could hardly tell I was crying with the rain pouring down over us. Looking at his face, he wouldn't meet my eyes. That stung."Please look at me Jacob, I'm sorry okay? I'm sorry. I just don't want to lose you, I need you." whispering those last words made him look at me. Sadness and pain filled his features."You need to go home Bella." He was beginning to turn away when I grab his hand."NO" pulling his hand out of my grip, he faces me again only to look at me with this heart wrenching sadness. I stand there frozen with that look on his face. He then takes that time to turn away from me and jog up to his house and enters, leaving me out in the rain."Damn it" taking the hint that Jacob wasn't coming back outside to apologize and pretend it was a joke, the realization hit me.What the hell happened to my best friend? Where was my Jacob?With a chilling numbness, I climbed back into my truck and turned my heater on full blast.I replayed the events in my mind of what just happened seconds before. Jacob was different. He was taller, like 6'5 and he was built in muscle everywhere. Was he taking steroids? With that thought in my mind, I changed gears and backed out of his driveway. Pondering why he would need steroids I almost didn't notice four tall Quileute men walk out of the tree line of Jakes driveway.Growling lowly to myself, realization hit me. Sam and his gang were involved, of course.Hitting my brakes hard I could hear them squeal to a jerking halt and put it in park before jumping out."HEY" yelling this to them they turn their heads at me and stop walking. Feeling my anger rise I stomped m way up to Sam and poked him in the chest as I shout at him "WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO TO JACOB, he didn't want any of this. He was scared of you and now he's like you, taking steroids like you. For what purpose do you have to gain from any of this? YOU LEAVE HIM ALONE! You had no right! He knew you were watching and that terrified him so why are you doing this?""Swan you don't need to worry yourself about Jacob anymore. He isn't terrified anymore since he knows what he knows now." Sam told me, his words clipped and short, making me angrier."That's not good enough Uley! I want answers!" I yell at him, poking him in the chest again."I can't tell you Bella. It's not my place to tell you anything.""What is that supposed to mean Uley?""Meaning it's above my authority Swan." He replied, starting to walk away from me.One of the other Quileute boys started growling when he saw my hand reach out to stop Sam from walking away from me. "Do you have a problem leechlover?""Paul," Sam grunted agitated."What Sam? I'm just asking a question, she needs to understand she's not welcome here anymore and I'll explain it to the pale faced bitch." He started off but when he looked into my eyes he went silent.Having enough of his rudeness I slapped him hard across his face. Before I let him see the pain color my face, I turn around and stalk off. But before I get in my truck I hear Paul mutter shit and growl behind me. Jumping in my seat and putting my truck back in gear, I floor it before I say something even more nasty words. Looking back behind me I see the retreating figures walk up to Jacob's home but Paul is still standing there watching me drive away.Grunting out my frustration that his features look pained, I don't feel bad that I slapped him. Maybe he'll take the hint that I'm not as helpless as I seem. But my hand is really starting to throb. I'll put ice on it once I get home.Pulling back into my street, I saw my dad's police cruiser in the driveway. I hope he doesn't ask questions about what happened with Jake. I not ready to talk about it yet. And I'm still pissed that guy Paul spoke to me that way when he knows nothing about me.here is my first chapter so please review and tell me whatcha think?
