Hey every one doing a Twilight Fanfiction. I OWN NOTHING BUT MY OC'S AND THE PLOT! EVERYTHING ELSE GOES TO THEIR RIGHT FULL OWNERS. LIKE I SAY IN MY OTHER STORYS. I AM NOT THE BEST SPELLER! ! SO THERE IS GOING TO BE WORDS MISSPELLED! ! I WILL TRY AND DO MY BEST ON KEEPING THEM DOWN. SO DON'T SAY I HAVE MISSPELL WORDS CAUSE I ALREADY KNOW THAT! IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT NO ONE IS MAKING YOU READ IT! IF YOU REVIEW BENICE! NOT VERY ONE IS GOING TO WRITE THE SAME. SO IF YOU HAVE NOTHING NICE TO SAY THEN DON'T SAY ANYTHING AT ALL! ! This is going to take place after the fourth book. Has nothing to do with the books or movies. Thinks will change! Chapter 1: The AttackEmmett's POVIt was a nice cloudy day for a hunt.I need to get my mind off of Rosalie.She took off with Nahuel and his aunt.She told me that she loved me but there was something about Nahuel she wanted to get to know.I couldn't believe my ears of what she was saying.Rosalie told me she would come back someday.Every one left me alone after that.I told them I needed my space.Its been a month now and I needed to hunt.So I went to my favorite hunting place.Where the male grizzle bears will be at.I found a huge one deep in the forest.I sank my teeth into his neck and started to drink.I wanted even done when I smelt the scent of fresh human blood.But the smell didn't make me thirsty.It made my mouth 'water' but that is it.I dropped the grizzle and ran to the smell.I could hear a grizzle roaring.When I came threw the trees there was a huge female grizzle on her back legs.In front of the grizzle was a girl with a hunting knife tired to a stick.She was on her butt and moving away the best she could.There was claw marks all over her.Blood was pouring out of her.Her skin was snow white from the lost of blood.The bear was about to finish her off.I moved and killed the female bear and threw it to the side.Then I turned to look at the girl.There wasn't fear her sky blue eyes.After what she just saw I was shocked.But then she fell over.I had to move fast or she is going to die.So I picked her up and ran back home.As I ran the little color that was left in her face was fading fast.When I got closer to the house I yell in my head as loud as I could so Edward could hear me. Edward if you can hear me. Get Carlisle and I him to save someone! I don't think she has long!I thought as I got to the back door.It opened as I got closer.Once in side Carlisle was waiting for me.Edward was there too."What happened?"Carlisle asked me."I tell you later but can you save her?"I asked fast.He looked down at her then back at me."Are you very sure about this Emmett? Cause once I do this there is no going back for her."He said to me.I looked at her beautiful face."I know but the way she was going to die. It reminded me of how I was going to die the first time. I want to turn her my self but I don't know if I could do it."I said to them."If you want to then do it. We stop you before you hurt her."Edward said.So I took a deep breath then bit her arm.I let my venom flow into her blood.Her blood taste different.There something about it that I couldn't understand.Then Edward put his hand on my shoulder and I let go."We better put her into a room till her change is over."Carlisle said.I picked her up and we went to one of the rooms.I put her on the table that we used for Bella.I stayed with her.But just like Bella she didn't make a sound or move.Edward came in with Alice.She looked at her then at Edward.But she didn't say anything."Should we clean her up?"Alice asked me.I wanted to but something told me not to."No we should wait till she wakes up."I said and they left.The Girls POVI knew I should have stayed in my cave.But I was hungry and need to hunt.I didn't think the female grizzle was going to attack me this time.I had the only weapon I had with me.It wasn't going to save my life.She attack me and I was bleeding out.I knew I wasn't going to live threw this.I had no one in my life.Left here to die alone when I was small.Making it to the age of 19 was ok with me.But then something killed the bear.I looked at the man that was in front of me.He had blood on his lips.We stared at each other, I wasn't afraid of him.Then I blacked out.But I could still feel what was going on.He walked over to me, picked me up and took off running.It was very fast.He held me tight so I wouldn't fall.Then he started to talk to people.I couldn't make out what they were saying.All I could see was blackness all around me.I thought this was it, I'm going to die now.But then I felt pain in my left arm.It felt like fire flowing into my veins.It spread threw out my body.It felt like I was on fire again.But this pain felt good for some reason.My body didn't want to move so I just laid there and let the fire run wild.I could hear someone talking about cleaning me up. I didn't wan any one to see my naked! I thought to my self.Then a sweet voice beside me said."No we should wait till she wakes up."The sweet voice said.Then it put its hand into mine.It felt cold at first then it started to warm up after some time.I didn't know how long this was going to take.But the warmth never left my side.I could feel my body start to change.First my skin left like it was hardening and so was my veins.My heart started to beat like crazy but it never slowed down.My mouth felt dried and there was a thirst at the back of my throat.But before I could see what else my body was doing I could hear a faint voice's talking.It was like I was some feet away from them.But I could still hear them."What do you mean Emmett?"Said a calm voice said."Her skin looks like ours but its still soft like a humans."Said Emmett I think.Then I felt someone touch my other arm."Your right and her wounds are healed up. It looks like she is almost done. But it shouldn't have worked this fast. Its only been a day."Said the same calm voice.I could feel the fire start to fad away then stopped.I had my head to the side were the warm hand was holding mine.I opened my eyes to see the same man that saved me.He wasn't looking at me but to some one that was on the other side of the room.I could have turned my head to see who it was.But I couldn't look away from him.Then he looked down and saw me looking at him."Your awake now?"He said with a smile.I smiled back and nodded my head.Then very slowly I sat up and looked around.Everything was brighter and clearer then before.I could taste smells of everything around me.There was four people in the room five if you counted me.All of them where males."How do you feel?"Said the calm voice.I looked at him as he walked up to me.I could see his eyes go wide for a second.I slowly pulled my hand out of the warm hand.He looked at me as I put it in on of my pockets.Then pulled out my small notebook and pen that was in a baggy.The blood didn't stain threw the baggy.Then I wrote on it then gave it to the guy that saved my life.He read out loud."I'm fine. My body hurts a little but I'm fine. Thank you for asking."He said and the all looked at me."Can you speak?"The calm voice said to me.I took my notebook back and wrote again.Then gave it back to him."I can but I don't like to talk sorry. Its been years since I talked and I don't know if I could anymore."He read out."What is your name?"Said a boy with bronze color hair."Can you just read her mind?"Said the man beside me.I didn't look away from the bronze boy.He shook his head.I took my notebook back again wrote down something and gave it back to him.He smiled as he read it."Why the hell should I tell you my name if I don't know yours?"He laughed a little making me blushes."She can still blush."Said the calm voice said. "We can talk about that later Carlisle. My name is Edward Cullen. This is my father Carlisle, my brother Jasper and my other brother Emmett. He is the one that saved you." Edward said.I looked at Emmett and he gave me back my notebook.I wrote down what I need to and gave it back to Emmett."She says its nice to meet us all. And her name is Kida. She thinks me for saving her from the grizzle and wants to know what she is."He said as he looked at me."How did you know you weren't you anymore?"Carlisle said with a smile.I blushed even more then looked down at my lap.I held out my hand for the notebook.I wrote down little this time."I have my ways. . ."Emmett said as he read what I wrote down.Then they started to talk about vampires.They were vampires and they turned me as while to save my life.But what they talked about and what I could see.I wasn't like them at all.My heart still beat and blood running threw out my body.I wrote down what I was thinking."She wants to know why she isn't like us?"Emmett said in a low voice."We don't know my dear but we will try and figure it out."Carlisle said to me.I nodded my head and I slowly moved my body around so I could stand up. Emmett was beside me to make sure I wouldn't fall.They all watched me walk around moving my body.To see what I could do.My old breaks was heal better now.So I didn't have a limp any more.I smiled to my self then a knock came at the door.Their heads snapped towards it.But before they could say anything a little girl came in."Daddy mamma want to know when are you going to come home?"The little girl said to Edward.They looked at me but I just turned my head back out of the window."How is she doing that!"The one called Jasper said as he looked at me."She is like Bella."He said.The little girl looked at me."Is she like mamma daddy?"She asked Edward."I don't really now Nessie. But will have to keep a eye on her to make sure she wont hurt you."Edward said as he picked her up.I looked at him the wrote down what I was feeling and walked over to Emmett with every one was looking at me."She says. Why would I hurt a little girl? She smells nice but not in a food way. Beside I don't like the blood of humans. I rather have animals."Emmett said as they all looked at me."What where you before Emmett saved you?"Jasper said to me as he walked up to me.I could see his scars all over his body.I wasn't scared of him.I held out my hand for my notebook with out looking away from Jasper's eyes. Emmett gave me my notebook and pushed me back a little so he could stand between me and Jasper.I didn't like to lie at all so I sat down on the floor with my back up against the wall and started to write."What is she doing daddy?"The girl named Nessie said."She is writing. She doesn't like to talk."Ed said to her.This was going to take a while to write.So I wrote something else and gave it to Emmett."She says its going to take her a while to write down her story."He said then he moved and sat next to me."While lets get very one up here so they can hear to."Carlisle said.Then he left the room.I could hear him walking down stairs.For some reason with Emmett beside me I didn't feel scared.I know I should be but there was something about him that made me feel safe. Like in the woods were he saved me.I was scared of the grizzle more then him.
