Disclaimer: I don't own anything, nor Twilight nor anything else I might use now or in the future for my story.I unblucked my seatbelt once the flight assistant told us that we had gained enough height to move freely around the plane and reached over to the pet crate in the seat next to mine, opening it and picking out my black kitten. "Hey buddy, slept well?" He meowed sleepily at me and blinked looking around trying to see where we were. I just smiled and held him in my arms while looking out the window, hoping that the 9 hours or so that I'd need to spend in here before arriving to Volterra and heading to what will now be my home.I snapped out of my day-dreaming by a familiar ringtone coming from my bag and Felix hissing at it as it was something he couldn't see and took as a menace. "Shhh Felix, it's only my cellphone. Nothing will harm you or me" I took out my cellphone and looked at the caller ID recognizing it immediately "Hey mom" I said, while putting the speaker on so I could hold Felix in my arms and still answer. "Hey dear, how are you and Felix doing?" "We're fine mom, just Felix being his usual protective self and hissing at the ringtone. Thanks also for the money to buy him a new pet crate, he's much more comfortable now" At that exact moment Felix meowed as if agreeing with me, I just heard two laughs from the background in the phone "Mom, you have me on speaker? Or is it just the super hearing that allowed dad to hear that" I couldn't help but smile and kissed the top of Felix's head. "First option sorry, when your mom told me she was going to ring you I wasn't going to leave out the opportunity to say 'hello' to my daughter also" came out my dad's voice from the phone, now closer as I imagined mom had handed him the phone "It's okay dad, just glad that you both find it amusing that Felix answered you in his own way. Told you I wasn't crazy for talking to him and he kinda answering me" Felix meowed more as if once again agreeing and nuzzled me "Well guess then we owe you two an apology that will be better said when you're here. We have to go sorry, Chelsea brought in two vampires that almost exposed us and we gotta deal with them." "It's okay, don't worry. Go make your job. Love ya both" "We love you too honey." They hung up and I left my phone back in my bag. While searching for the small button this seat was supposed to have to let me lay down and rest some, Felix jumped out of my arms and went to the seat next to the window looking out at the sky and clouds. He was a crazy cat as sometimes he acted like a dog when we played as I would throw the ball and he would for it- obviously laying down at some point and not minding the ball anymore-, and the fact he seemed to understand what I was saying to him and answered me. Finally managing to lay down and try get some rest I got hold of the blanket I brought with me and went to sleep. In case you're wondering who I am, why am I heading to Volterra, and why I mentioned "vampires" when talking to my parents, I might as well begin explaining myself. My name's Marian Lia "Volturi", my biological parents gave me up when I was born and I went to a few Foster homes before ending up with my actual parents: Marcus and Didyme Volturi. I lived in the castle for less than a year when I was 12 as soon it became obvious it was more of a danger for me to live there than to go away till I was old enough and get changed. I moved to the USA to study and later moved to South America, now that I'm almost 18 I'm moving back to Volterra to be with my parents. Most people ask me if I'm sad about my biological parents leaving me, and yes I'm sad to certain point but thanks to them now I have this family that loves me. I got Felix when I was 16 as a birthday present and when I saw he was all black and with yellow eyes I fell in love with him. I cut out of my life those who insisted that having him would bring bad luck as I hate that type of people. Now you know what you asked for, and I'm retiring fully to the dream world now, ciao people.
