hey so bassicaly this my one shot of a bella and Edward gone wrong fanficBella point of view :Char pulled me into her lap 7 years with Edward stinking Cullen and there he is cheating on me I mean why ? I cried and cried in charlottes lap "wait char?" I ask my voice surprisingly strong"yeah sugar?" I smiled at her texas accent"can we get away from here ?" I ask wiping the tears away she smiled before answering "yeah we can go texas ive been missing my peter" I smiled "I miss petey boy too plus his brothers staying I still need to meet him" I smiled before walking into the bathroom"char?" I ask looking through my makeup bag"yeah sug?" she said walking in"when are we leaving?" she smiled before getting her own makeup out"tmorrow 8pm" she smiled perfect"can we go to the club tonight?" I ask taking of all my makeup"which one?" she asked applying pale icy foundation to her face"the one Edward owns" I smiled mischievously she turned to face me shocked "eclipse?" she asked I smiled before walking into our massive wadrobe "what are you wearing char?" I asked rummaging throw my dresses "my strapless mid-thing pink cocktail dress" she smirked I laughed of curse she would wear that I searched through my dresses before finding a strapless mid-thigh black leather dress with a black corset up the back and studs across the front I kneeled down and found some black heels covered in studs I placed them both in the bathroom before quickly applying some natural makeup and shouting char . she came down wearing blue jeans and a white blouse her dark red straight hair in a pony-tail with brown boots while I was wearing blue cut off jeans , pink tie-dye belly top and my blonde hair in a ponytail "were are we going?" she asked grabbing the keys"the salon I need my hair and nails doing that the tattoo shop down the street twilight" I smiled before getting in my red convertible char hoped in the passenger side we drove to the salon midnight sun .Victoria welcomed us Vicki has naturaly curly red hair and fierce green eyes she took us to the salon chairs Madie , char's stylist was re-dyeing her hair and adding fierce blonde/orange ombre tips at the end while Victoria added black dyed in random places until about half my hair was covered before adding a bright blue to the blonde pieces . while we waited for our hair to dry I pulled out my I pod and put it on Vikki's docking station playing 'wakeing up in vagas' I ripped of the bib thing and started singing and dancing jumping up and down on the counters the staff didn't even try to control me I heard the timer tick telling me that my hair was ready at the same time the song finished I sat down back in my chair like nothing happened evreyones shock went down as they proceed with they're jobs I looked over at char smirking before bumping fists. They washed and dryed my hair and It was perfect black and blue blended perfect[like demi Lovato's] I walked over to the nail part of the salon they painted my nails a dark blue at the cuticle fading into a bright blue while char had bright pink and white whorls .We walked over to the tattoo and piercing place called 'Breaking Dawn' I entered and looked over the main desk were a woman covered in tattoos and piercing smiled at me "hey ducky how can I help ya?" she asked in full slang I smiled before answering "I want a nose stud , belly bar and right snake bite" I smiled before entering the room. OW! Damn stupid nose piercing hurts I can't say the belly bar or snake bite was any better though. "is that everything?" she asked I smiled before looking at char she was looking at the tattoos before I seen the perfect one it says 'I Hate Love' I smiled before pointing to it . a hour later and I was leaving the shop with fresh ink on my right arm .When we got home we ran upstairs and got changed I gotta say I looked bad-ass aha we took my car to eclipse we walked in with some hoots I walked over to the dj one of Edwards best mates embry I smiled "hey em"he looked shocked to see me I smiled pinting at a microphone "song 69 please" he nodded grabbing the microphone I walked on stage char was sitting near the bar a shot of tequila in front of her I was in the center of the stage now everyone was looking at me theyre was loads of hooting I smiled "hey , everyone im bella and this song is to my ex Edward who cheated on me for 7 years oh and he happens to own this club" I say I heart afew shouts of"he's a ass""he's not worthit"And than Edward "bella get ya ass out of my club!" he shouted everyone went silence while put my thumbs up and started singing"Kiss my ass babyAin't gonna take your trash no more,no moreKiss my ass babyI Ain't gonna take your trash no more,no moreI gonna pack up all my thingsAnd walking my ass right outta the doorI'm gonna tell you why , are you listening?here's a little storyI came home a little earlyI couldn't believe my eyesYou were lying there bloody nakedWith a woman between your thighsKiss my ass babyAin't gonna take your trash no moreno more!" I sang evreyobody was cheering while Edward stood they're bright red I walked past him chucking the microphone at him char passed a 5 dollor bill to the bar tender before walking out of the door with me.
