Chapter 1(Kim's POV)I'm Kim Clark. I am a world known athlete. I have gone to the Olympics twice, winter and a summer. I brought back 9 medals. I won 5 gold medals, 3 silver and one bronze. I compete in beach volleyball, diving, gymnastics artistic, gymnastics rhythmic, soccer, trampoline, figure skating, snow boarding and speed skating. This year happens to be the Olympics. They are hosting the summer 2014 Olympics in Forks, United states. Since they cannot have the training center in the same location, they are building it in La Push, a close drive from Forks. Though I will be staying in La Push, because I like to train as many hours of the day as possible. And also because all the rooms in Forks are already booked. I got to my hotel yesterday and fell asleep in minutes.Today I am looking for somewhere to eat.I was walking down the side walk on the main street when I got blinded by cameras."Clark! Are you participating in any other sports?" One asked."Do you find the location of these games odd?" Another asked."What is your view on this town?"These three were the only questions I could make out, over others asking questions.My body guards, Mike and Alec guided me to a small quiet diner. I smiled at them, thanking them.The woman behind the desk looked up at me in confusion. She tuck a look at my cloths and seemed to understand.I was wearing Canada's team jacket, which I was supposed to wear. I was wearing star/space leggings, a team Canada hat and red shoes.She smiled at me, as I did back. I looked around, not many people were here. There was 9 men siting at a table with two women. All the men were tall, muscular and hot. If I didn't know any better I would think they were in the Olympics. But there weren't wearing a team jacket. Each and every athlete must wear their jacket or a symbol to show others they were participating in the Olympics. One looked up at me and I froze. His eyes were a dark brown. I was lost in them. The rest of the guys turned to look at me. I shuck my self and turned back to the lady.She let me over to a booth and Mike and Alec sat down in one next to me talking about security, knowing I wanted to be alone.But luck wasn't on my side.The guy I had locked eyes with had come over with his friends, I looked at them with an eyebrow raised, drinking the orange juice I had ordered, as they sat down."Sorry we couldn't help but notice that you don't look like you know where you're going." One said to me."Are you taunting me?""No, not at all.""Then what do you want?""Well, we don't see a lot of Canadian's around here, and we want to know your name so we can cheer for you." The guy I had locked eyes with said."Oh, sorry I'm just really nerves. ""So, what do you play?" He asked.Beach volleyball, diving, gymnastics artistic, gymnastics rhythmic, soccer, trampoline, figure skating, snow boarding and speed skating.""Wow that's a lot."I looked down at my watch. Crap, I have to go."Listen, I'm really sorry but I have to go. I have to be training in ten minutes. It was nice meeting you all though." I said as I got up, head towards the door."Wait!"I turned and looked back at them."What?"He smiled,"I don't know your name.""Kim Clark."
