Books  Twilight  renesmee meets carmenAuthor: funkittycat15Rated: M - English - Romance/Drama - Reviews: 1 - Published: 08-06-14 - Updated: 08-07-14id:10599376renesmee POV :I wake up excited , it's my first day at school ! I speed dress while still maintaining to look good I hear groans as I bang on everyone's door " get up its time to get ready it's the first day !" then I get to the last room , Jacobs room ... I love him so much " wake up jakey were gonna be late " Jacob sprints awake rushing to get ready as I go to the kitchen for some breakfast .don't get me wrong human food is good but I love the feeling of fresh warm animal blood flowing down my throat ." morning everyone let's hurry or we'll be late" Jacob quickly comes down the stairs three at a time while trying to hook his belt the my father chuckles when Jacob asks how late we are .Edward POV:renesemee is just too excited for her first day at school were all going back to highschool but it's her first time at public school period .GOD I HOPE I DON'T DISAPPIONT HER Jacob thinks . I roll my eyes " Jacob it's 4 am we're not late " he gives a surprised look as everyone laughs .after we arrive the kind lady at the front office kindly checks me out ugh her thoughts are so inappropriateJacob POV:what's with every one staring at us , oh right vampire looks and of course my beautiful nessiea short growl escapes my throat when I hear " damn they're hot " " no dude she's hot check out the babe with the sexy curly bronze hair " there Lucky besides holding my hand or I'll be in jail for murderBeth POV:well it looks I'm not the only new kid at school . I sigh . such a beautiful group . I turn away from the group that is currently getting swooned over by everyone . I roll my eyes . now which way to geometry honors ... this way maybe ?as I looks down on my Map something hits me hard . I fall to the floor . frightened that it was my fault I quickly spoke quietly " I'm sorry I didn't see u " not even looking at the person I'm to embarrassed to" Jacob ! you clumsy oaf apologize to the girl " apologize to me ? I thought It was my fault ." Ok nessie , I'm sorry I wasn't paying attention u ok " he pulls me up .. he pulled me up that equally I mean I'm not an epiphany but I'm no cheer leader .Yes this what I call myself I am fat but if anyone asks I just say fluffy . I finally get a look at the guy . time stops and some thing in me just knows something ...it escapes my lips before entering my mind " werewolf "
