Sue called out for Leah while cooking dinner in Emily's kitchen. They were expecting to have a an old friend visit them over many years. His name is Rain. He's a werewolf and a successful rich doctor. He has dark hair, dark eyes, tall, a masculine figure, just overall handsome and kind. He was a long time friend of the Black's, Clearwater's, Charlie's, and surprisingly to Carlisle and Esme as well. He became good friends with Carlisle in the medical field. He met Carlisle for the first time in England to work on an important surgery. Right off the bat Rain was aware of the Vampire's presence as Carlisle also recognized the Wolfman.Carlisle had looked at Rain and said, "You must be a model doctor. You are very handsome and particularly have an alluring smell. What type of cologne do you use?"Rain chuckled at his heartwarming comment about him and responded, "A very expensive cologne I got from my last underwear photo-shoot. You Doctor look like a young model yourself, you seem as if you haven't aged at all."When both performed the surgery together, they ended up getting to know each other afterwards talking the night away. They ended up going out to dinner and he met Esme. They talked about a lot of things and mentioned the Black's and Clearwater's. Carlisle mentioned how close they are now, that they're all friends and there was no bad blood between them.Rain smiled and said, "I'm happy to know that everyone now gets along. I was never a fan of all this rivalry with wolves and vampires. It's very sad. I've always relied on making anew in the present instead of being so obsessed about the past, about how the opposite sides would think, and react to one another. I've met other wolves and vampires along my way to help stop the conflicts. Its very tiring to hear everyone complain about the other, it gets old."Its been years since Rain had last seen the Black's, Clearwater's, and Charlie. He was like family to them as they were to him. He called Billy just a week ago and told him about visiting, he did not expect to hear about Harry being dead, but was glad knowing Sue was happy with Charlie. Billy talked about Jacob and he was surprised to hear how much he grew. He hasn't seen Jake since he was a young boy. Billy mentioned Seth and Leah as well. For some reason, he was eager to meet Harry's daughter. He knew Harry and Sue when they were still dating and even though he knew that they would get married and have kids he had never met Seth and Leah yet. He knew Jacob when he was young, along with his sisters. He had visited one time for short three days when the Clearwaters were out on vacation in Hawaii. Now, he's arriving soon to visit his dear friends.Sue: "That girl I swear, if she doesn't get back in the house soon, I'm not going to feed her."Esme smiled, "She will come inside soon. You know.. Alice has told me something very interesting about Leah in this particular day."Esme was also in the kitchen preparing dinner and was preparing the salad. Emily placed the baked chocolate chip cookies on the counter with the rest of the food: pasta, salad, cookies, bbq, sushi, mashed potatoes, rice, beans, shrimp, wine, beer, soda and apple pie.Emily: "Did Alice have a vision about Leah?"Esme: "She hasn't told me anything but she said that starting today Leah's life would change. That she would become the most happiest starting today."Alice appeared to them with Jasper, "Do you guys need anymore help?"Sue: "Oh we're fine. Everything is set up. But Esme has told me that you had a vision about my daughter."Alice smiled, "Its a surprise, everyone will know when it happens. Leah is going to have a happy future starting today."Emily: "I'm curious now."Esme: "Jasper do you know anything?"Jasper: "I wish I did, she didn't even tell me."Jacob was sitting down with Renesmee, Bella leaning against the couch as Edward stood behind Bella hearing Jake talk about Rain.Jacob smiled, "He was the most nicest guy ever, he would always have tons of fun with my Mom, they were best friends. He and my Dad would always joke around and it was worse with Harry and Charlie. The four of them were inseparable."Bella smiled, "You know Charlie wouldn't stop talking about him and told me some interesting stories they had -laughs- he's pretty important to them isn't he? I barely remember him. I only remembered his hair. Dark hair and.. dark eyes. I think when we were eating s'mores or something and I got mad at you for putting chocolate in my hair and he was there to yell at you for me."This made them laugh as Seth came up to them from upstairs and sat down, "Was Rain really best friends with my Dad?"Jacob: "He was. He's excited to meet you and Leah actually... at least that's what my dad said."Seth: "I can't wait to meet him."Renesmee: "Me too, he seems pretty awesome."Edward: "Carlisle said he was the first wolf he ever made really good friends with. They hit it off right away. Says he's a good doctor, intelligent, and something about him being.. an underwear model?"They all laughed.Jacob: "Well he is quite handsome last time I remembered."Embry came from outside and walked into the house and sat next to them, "You think he'll bring Cass?"Renesmee: "Who's that?"Jacob: "Cass is my little sister, well not my real sister, but, when she was small me and Embry met her when we met Rain."Renesmee: "Are they related?"Embry: "No, Cass was an abandoned orphan and Rain found her one day and was taking care of her ever since. She was my best friend."Jacob: "No way man I was her best friend."Embry: "Yeah right, more like her father you wouldn't let anyone go near her including me!"Jacob: "Someone had to be her big brother."Embry: "Oh Please, you never let her walk around the forest unless she was holding your hand!"Jacob: "You wouldn't let her sleep alone!"Embry: "I was protecting her from vampires! Remember her nightmares?"Seth: "Was she pretty?" Embry and Jacob gave him a look and Seth blinked, "What?.."Embry: "Don't get any ideas. I'd kill you if you ever meet her and imprint on her right away."Seth: "Hey I was just asking, I don't even know who she is."Bella: "Cass.. Oh! Cassie! I think I remember her. She was just a baby when I saw her I think."Jacob nodded and smiled, "Yup, gosh I wonder what she looks like now."Embry: "I bet she's beautiful."Leah heard her mom's call out for her as she was walking in the woods. She was annoyed at how her mother and Billy made such a fuss about this Rain person who came to visit them. But honestly as she kept hearing them talk about him she felt.. nervous. Why? It was some guy in his thirties who was best friends with her dad coming to visit them. When Billy said he was excited to meet her and Seth, she felt. shy.. but why? She sighed and finally dragged herself towards Emily's house dreading to walk back just to see the sight of Emily and Sam. As she walked up to the house everyone stood up quickly and exclaimed hellos all over the place. She stood there confused until she heard a voice behind her."Hi guys! Wow! It's good to see you all again, and to see some new faces!"Alice gasped in delight as she looked on eagerly. Leah felt her heart beat slowed as she slowly turned around and felt the whole world froze at the sight in front of her.
