This beginning is very different. Only the bolded words are said out loud - the rest is all internal dialogue. The italicized words are Jake talking to himself.Prologue from Paradise..."Bella." I hear myself breathe your name as I fall back next to you. I'm still shaking, convulsing involuntarily as the waves of my final orgasm subside. The sun's coming up already, long sheer curtains are dancing in and out of the open patio door on the brisk morning breeze blowing in from the Pacific. The sky's turned from inky black to lavender, replacing the candlelight in our room."Feels good.." you mumble kicking the sheet off your overheated body. I'm sure you're talking about the breeze now that I've torn myself away from your body.You've left me exhausted, physically and emotionally spent in the aftermath of such exquisite love making, I'm in awe and so fucking blissed out. With the only ounce of energy you've spared me, I turn my head on our pillow to find you share in my current state. My eyes drift shut as male pride and satisfaction rushes through my body, convening at the tip of my thoroughly worked cock, causing an unexpected twitch and tingle.You smile lazily at the weak groan that escapes me. Your fingers find mine next to you, and wind loosely into them, creating our necessary connection.Lying naked, fully exposed to each other, I watch you through heavy, slitted eyes, the quick rise and fall of your chest as you fight to catch your breath like me. Lit by the early morning sunrise, your beautiful face is flushed a deeper pink than usual, a moist sheen of perspiration glistens over your beautiful body. You're glowing like an angel in the aftermath of our marathon love making. Your velvety lips are wet, nearly the color of rubies from my harsh and hungry devouring, your soft tongue peeks out, sweeping away excess moisture I've left as your sweet breath rushes in and out, over them. Beautiful...is all I ever think when I see you. Even exhausted, your sinfully perfect breasts, beckon to every inch of maleness I possess. Especially the nine to ten inches of me you own so completely. I watch them heaving towards heaven with every breath you take, your tantalizing nipples, still pinched tight, betraying your insatiably aroused state, they call to me.My mouth waters...annnd fuck...I have to look away. Too tempted to gorge myself again on your body, your perfection, I hope for the hundredth time since last night, you'll forgive me - you'll understand - forgive my selfish needs. But ,this is all so overdue.I find your eyes fluttering, but still closed. They'll remain that way a few more moments as you regain your bearings, returning from the high we've catapulted each other into.With a surge of energy, I turn on my side to face you. Stabbing my elbow into our pillow, causes your face to roll towards me slightly. Your lips stretch into a soft - knowing smile, while my thickly stubbled cheek, flattens against my palm. The uncontrollable urge to touch you returns, and I watch my free hand reach to the hollow at the base of your throat where sweat has begun to pool. Swirling my thick finger thru the dampness, I trace down your chest, between your creamy full breasts, up and around each softening nipple, allowing my hand to come to rest on your belly, just above your sparse smattering of soft, wet, curls.I sigh at the memory of our more youthful days, and the first time I touched you here, all soft, slick, and bare. You were everything I truly wanted, needed, and didn't dare let myself dream of.Mygod woman...if you could just feel an ounce of what I feel for you - just once.Caressing you from one hip to the other, I marvel briefly at the memory of each child we conceived. Splaying my hand wide, it fills the space between your hips bones, where our children grew, here, within your strong, amazing body. I trace the faded scars, from the boy's emergency birth...remembering each child, each moment they were lifted from your body and handed to me, where I could finally nurture and protect them.Our children. So loved, so wanted. I recall and relish the memory of the shape and feel of you, of them, encased in my hands. So many months, so many long nights, so many babies...fuck! 7 kids in twelve and a half years! I fight the urge to laugh out loud, not wanting to wake you. Only the helplessness I felt holding you and your belly, sobers me quickly. It was the only physical act of security and protection I could provide, and it drove you crazy.I was tormented with anxiety through every pregnancy , worried I couldn't keep you or the babies safe. The doubt and fear never left me after what happened to you and baby Jai. *cough...cough...cough*The familiar strangling sensation immediately grips my throat at that mere memory, making mechoke- *cough...cough...cough...*" Jake? Baby? youokay?" Your murmuring voice soothes me, your hand still entwined in mine, you squeeze, immediately quieting that demon.Lying here next to you, fifteen years later, I'm finally at peace.You've given me everything I ever wanted. Never denied me, always supported me, right or wrong. You let me learn, allowed me to become the man I should be. You're the woman of every man's dreams.I know you question what stirs such passion in me; how my physical need for you is so inexhaustible. You worry needlessly about other women, and where my seemingly insatiable hunger will take me. Take us.The answer is simple  but incomprehensible, till you can understand the bliss I experience in moments like this; till you know the joy I feel being naked beside you, and ohoh so far inside you, only you. Unfathomable, until you understand the satisfaction I possess in knowing you are *mine* sated and completely contented. *mine* in witnessing all life's tension melt from your face, released through shuddering spasms from your body - the only body I adore - all because of the orgasms I'm able to give you. I triumph in every gasping, breathless release my hands, mouth, and cock coax from you, and from your sometimes unwilling body.Oh, sweetheart, the challenges you still present, he fights over sex, over dragging you into bed or a locked bathroom, while children whine at the door, or prowling over your sleeping body and working you into submission...oh yes, your fight is as sweet as your fuck...I love that you still give me the thrill of the chase I need so badly as a man. And always when I least expect it. In ways I least expect it.My body floods with desire and I wish you'd open your eyes; see how you make me feel!Sobering at the vision of serenity you are in your sleep, I realize my greatest, most satisfying moments as a man, aside from the birth of our children, has been my conquest of you, and your body. The way you need me, like I need you, every man is not as lucky, Bells...All the times our bodies and our minds and souls, have melded together and shared in explosions of passion, will forever be etched in my memory. The passionate highs AND the passionate lows.I cherish them all as I do you.I hate that I'll never be able to express myself as fully as either of us might like. Not with conversation, anyway. It's simply not programmed into my, alpha male, hard wiring. So, our stupid misunderstandings continue, tho not as bad as before. I promise, sweet Bella - I'm always looking for ways to return the love you pour over me and our family so freely. I'm not totally oblivious, or ungrateful - just not verbal, enough. And, just because I allow this glimpse inside my fucked up head - don't expect a bunch of sappy love letters to start showing up anytime soon, either.**Shit**Its through our physical contact, to an extent you're not even aware of, that I feel most competent in accurately expressing my feelings and desire for you. The depth of my love for you.I know, I know - this is right up there with the "I need sex like air, water and food." debate all over again. So, no, babe, its not a conscious choice I make using physical over verbal expression; I do wish I could be what you want, and need- its just...I'm, I'm not hard-wired for it.But with a constant physical connection, I sense we maintain our youthful closeness, and its how I feel most loved by you.With a soft grunt you tug the sheet to your shoulder rolling away from me. *fuck*  Only then do I realize I've been stroking your soft skin mindlessly, staring at you while you sleep, disturbing you and making me look like a pathetic, lovesick, pussywhipped...Well, hello, flipside."Mmmmmm. The finest ass on the two continents I've roamed." I growl low in appreciation, caressing your soft, round, ass cheeks, now bared to me." Hawaii'snot acontinent...Jacob." you scold softly, tugging the sheet over my luscious view. Refusing to abandon my quest, I slide my hand under the sheet, to continue caressing your ass." letmesleep.  justaminutelonger." you murmur sleepily."Okay, justaminutelonger, Sweetheart." I mock you, pressing a smile against your cheek, and leave a kiss. " But then I've got something else for you." I tease, flicking my tongue against your ear, pressing my stiffening cock to burrow against the crack of your ass.Your long,non-response, puts me on my back in a frustrated huff - giving you the momentary rest and space you need before your day gets turned up on high.Oh, and while we're at it, I have a question for you: I muse tossing an arm across my eyes.My inner monologue continues, practicing and voicing all the things I wish I could say to you...Bells, is the depth of our love and the trust we hold each other in, ever proven more completely than through our willingness to do anything that would bring the other their greatest pleasure?** Really? That's how you plan to bring up the ass quest? Really? Listen to your own conscious teasing you.**I know, I know! Some of my "requests" you've at read about, butt (no pun intended) they go so far against your PG13 conditioning you can't ever see us in those positions - literally, but I thought... you might like to play Fifty Shades of Gray - occasionally. Maybe, Fifty Shades of Black? We could make up something you're comfortable with.My snort of laughter, startles you, as I can plainly envision your expression as well as feel your stinging protest against my bare chest.But here is the truth I perceive on this topic; I say to myself for now, grasping your hand to my heart. The level of complete abandon, even depravity, we allow ourselves to experience together, is a direct measure of the love we feel for one another.I know you think some of the "acts" I've requested are contradictory of love, but at a base, guttural, primitive level, don't you know it to be true? Isn't trust and complete surrender ultimate acts of love?*needs work* I hear from deep inside my head, along with the boys snickers."Bella" I whisper, scooping my arms around you, pulling you tightly against my chest. See how your head rests perfectly against the pads of my pecs, the way your waist rests against me, thin and curved, at the perfect level for my circling arms, how your curvaceous ass, fits perfectly within the indentation of my hip bones. Don't you see what a perfect cushion your body provides me for fucking you wildly, hard and fast from back here. Just like the animal you turn me into when your warm, wet, tight, entrances, line up against my huge, hard, aching, cock.A desperate plea escapes me as I nuzzle my face into your long soft waves, " Bella, please..." I groan overcome by my favorite scent ...our sex and sweat mixed with your lingering Victoria's Secret perfume."Don't you know.." I moan absently losing myself in the fantasy of very naughty needs. Things that would drive me crazy, and heat up the next fifteen years, like a wildfire..." Know what, Jake?"  you purr, as you awaken, your soft hands stroking over my iron embrace, your sweet firm ass, shifting against my cock."Nothing"...I murmur smiling above your head.Baby, just know.. that for me, there would be no greater joy, than if you would just try some of the other sex "requests" I've made of you over the years. Just try to be more open minded and accepting. I swallow these requests silently as usual, and we go on." So, what do you want for your birthday this year?" I tease poking at you with my erection." Oh I dunno." you grumble, twisting in my arms.Your hands push my shoulders back hard, leveling my six foot eight inch body against the mattress. With my head cushioned against a cloud of pillows, I grin up at you - taking in my favorite sight.You, naked, bare breasted, straddling my waist, that's inches too wide for your tiny thighs to hold between them for very long. I caress your long lovely legs, with each hand, loving how they start shaking with effort, then give out on you as you come hard around my stiff, thick cock, shoved deep between them. Ohh and watching my massive cock push and pull in and out of your pink wet pussy, makes me come like crazy.Our hands entwine as you settle atop my stomach. With a naughty smile you lift our linked palms and thrust yourself, and our hands forward, high above my head. Your soft grunt lingers in my ears, as our hands hit the padded headboard, my thick arms sink into the plush pillows, while your gorgeous tits bump against my face, the hardening tips teasing back n forth across my mouth as you move." What do YOU want for your Birthday this year?"  you demand, trying to take the spotlight from yourself as usual." Me?"  My 6 year old self squeals, delighted at the prospect of my birthday, and naked present requests being solicited. I want to slide my finger right into your tight little hot spot, giving you that undeniable hint.The beautiful, giving, selfless expression on you face, sobers me instantly...I want to tell you everything I'm thinking. I wish I could tell you more of what you want to hear from me, instead of more of what I want you to hear. Silently, I beg for your understanding with my eyes...and you have no idea, what a depraved ass I am.My greatest gifts are knowing, seeing and feeling the pleasure we share with each other.I can't resist cupping your face in my hands...our eyes lock in a wordless exchange, as I will you to understand me silently, my thumbs caressing both sides of your face."What Jake? Whats wrong?" you ask gripping my wrists. I want to shout.Don't you know, there's no boundary I would not gladly violate to satisfy your desires; no fantasy you can imagine I would not gladly fulfill for you. I love you, I trust you, and I need your love and trust in return. I feel all of those things most intensely when we're naked, sharing ourselves, surrendering ourselves to each other. Open up to me Bells...completely. I need that from you."It'll be okay Jake. I'm not mad at you..."  you pull my hands from your face.I feel them shaking."Are you afraid of me now?" I ask rubbing my thumb across her thick platinum band." No. I just don't want what we have to ever be ...ruined." you shrug, chewing your lower lip harshly...as your thumb strokes mindlessly over my thicker platinum band.We've worn the symbols of traditional marriage for so many years. Exchanged in a frustrated hasty exchange one night when I gave up, saving them for our real wedding. Shoving hers on her finger after a fit of jealousy, satisfying a demand to mark her physically as mine, clearly as taken.See! These are all the reasons I crave the physical aspect of our love, its the underlying basis of my carnal obsession with you. The reasons I have to have you completely, and by force if necessary. I've waited so long for you to make the sacrifice. Make the commitment.You are simply everything to me.I could never bear to lose you.My heart pounds furiously at the idea.A glance at the clock tells me our precious time together is slipping away quickly. I also realize the last breathtaking night before this one, had been inexcusably long ago.I had to do better.Freeing my hands from yours, I grasp your face, guiding you to my lips."I have to do better, Bella." I whisper, our lips brushing on the b's. "We have to do better..."You nod quickly. Your plump lip still trapped painfully between your teeth, I know you're using it to fight back the tears threatening to spill from your eyes. I'm entranced by your beautiful face, your deep unsure gaze...Yes, .I spend way too much time just staring at you.Pulling you against my body, you reach up, brushing your hair away from your perspiring forehead. "Please...," I whisper low, willing you to understand me, Understand, I tell you all of this, and so much more, every damn time I say..."I love you.""I love you, too...Jake."Just as our lips touched, the double doors to our suite flew open.
