Disclaimer: All rights to SMChapter 1: Back to Normal?I woke up to the blaring of my alarm clock. Groggily I hit the off button and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. I looked to my window and groaned. Snow. Perfect just what I needed. Don't get me wrong I love winter time because of Christmas and such, but I hate snow. The stuff just bothers me, it's wet, cold, slippery. For a girl who was born with two left feet it doesn't do much for my coordination. I forced myself out of bed and into the bathroom. After a quick shower I got dressed and headed down stairs. "Morning dad." I called as I walked into the small kitchen."Hey Bells." He replied, I grabbed a glass of juice and sat next to him at the table. I looked up at him and to my surprise he was staring at me."What?" I asked, my voice suspicious."Can I ask you something?""Uh, yeah." Where was he going with this? He took a deep breath."Are you and that Volturi guy together?" I almost choked on my juice."W-what?" I had been so careful around him. Caius and I had barley even touched at my birthday party or when we went to the airport with them."Are you dating that Italian boy?""He isn't a boy dad." My cheeks were as red as my truck."I don't care what he is, are you together yes or no?" What was I suppose to tell him? Oh dad I am engaged to him and I plan to marry him after school and then rule the vampire world, which by the way he is a vampire. Yes that would go over so wellso I lied."No.""No? Right like I believe that." His stare made me feel like I was one of his criminals."It's complicated." I whispered."Complicated? How is it complicated? Either you are with him or not. Which is it?" I couldn't tell if he was angry or not."He's twenty four dad, I just met him and I just turned 18. Oh and there's the fact he lives in Italy!" I threw my hands up in exasperation."Exactly he is twenty four! I don't need you dating a man that old!" I got up from the table and stalked into the kitchen."It's not like it's illegal! If I choose to be with him there is nothing you can do about it!" I grabbed my bag and headed to the front door."We are not done talking about this Bella!""Yes we are!" I slammed the door and made my way to my truck. Once inside the cab I just leaned against the wheel. I have never spoken to my father like that, I never yell either. Taking a deep breath I started the drive to school. Things have been different since my birthday, people have been different. Charlie had been more over protective and honestly it has been really annoying, but the Cullens were a different story. They have become my second family. Edward and I have become closer than ever. He taught me piano and I have to admit I am not bad.I don't hear much from Italy; apparently they have been dealing with the Romanians lately. I know their duties as the royal family come first, but a text would be nice. I hadn't heard from Caius in about a month when he told me he was going to be busy for a little bit. That "little bit" turned into a long time. I can feel the pull that nags at my heart when I am not with him. I try to ignore it, but there are those nights that I wake up in a cold sweat and my heart is pounding. I asked Carlisle about this and he said it was normal, especially because Caius was off dealing with vampires. When one mate is in constant danger the other tends to fell the pull even more.I slowly pulled into the ice covered parking lot and turned off the ignition. My boots slid slightly on the fresh powder, but I managed. Everyone seemed to be enjoying the snow, I was just wondering why it was snowing in Novemberwasn't it supposed to be fall? I spied the Cullens standing by the Volvo, Emmett was pouting and Alice and Rose were laughing. Edward caught my eye and smiled, I returned it warmly. I slid next to him and sat up on the trunk of the silver car. "Good morning." He said and fished a snowflake from my hair."Hey, what's going on?" I asked the laughing girls. Rose recovered enough to answer."Emmett bet that he could throw a snowball with out breaking anything." She said through her laughter."I'm guessing he didn't win that bet." Emmett groaned and rolled his eyes."Look it's not like a broke any bones" He said followed by huff."Nope, just Mike Newton's pride." I perked up at this."What?" I asked."He threw a snowball and it hit Mike who stumbled into a very surprised Mrs. Dawner." Alice explained."So?" I asked."Let's just say he reached out and grabbed the closest thing to him, well things." Jasper chuckled from next to his huge brother."Why so sad Emmett? I thought you hated Mike." I said confused."I do, but I like Mrs. Dawner and she didn't need to be groped by Newton." He shuddered and then walked away, Rosalie close behind him. I just sighed and looked across the lot at the laughing students."What's wrong?" I looked up at Edward, his face was serious. I just shook my head."Too much." He placed a cold hand on my shoulder."C'mon, just tell me." I pulled my jacket closer to me and turned towards him."I haven't heard from Caius in about a month and nobody is answering my texts, calls, or emails. They have been dealing with the Romanians and I am just worried. Also Charlie is on my ass about Caius and its bothering me. He can't leave it alone! He is accusing me of dating him and honestly it isn't any of his business." I tried controlling my voice volume."It kind of is, Bella. He is your father." Alice interjected."I know, but I am entitled to my own secrets.""Is Caius a secret? I mean I know you wouldn't want him to find about the engagement, but he should know who you are in love with, Bella." Edward said. He was right; Caius didn't deserve to be a secret."You're right.""Always am." He said with a wink. I playfully smacked him; he pretended to be hurt which only made me laugh."Seriously though I am going to talk with my father tonight and I'll tell him about Caius. Well as much as he needs to know." I twisted my ring in my hand."Good! So when can I plan your engagement party!?" Alice squealed."Uh, I don't know" She pouted."Bella" She whined."Alice I don't even know when my wedding is. Hell I don't even know where my fianc is." I took a deep breath and felt arms wrap around me; I leaned into Edward's embrace."Look I am sure he is fine, all of them. They are probably just focused on getting back." I nodded and took a deep breath. The warning bell rang and we went our separate ways. Morning classes were just as boring as usual. I almost fell asleep during the lecture on Romeo and Juliet. I mean, they died, what else is there to know. By the time lunch came I was mentally exhausted. I walked into the cafeteria and headed to my table, someone crossed in my path."Hey Bella!" I looked up to the smiley face of Eric Yorkie and behind him was a red faced Mike. Obviously hadn't recovered from this morning."Hey guys, what's up?""Well we were at the beach this weekend and saw Jake. He said that he hasn't heard from you in a while. I think he is worried about you." I just rolled my eyes and sighed."Look I don't care what he thinks, he's an ass. Plus if he's so worried about me then he should call me and not send my friends as the messenger." I pushed past them and sat next to Edward."What was that about?" He asked. I just shook my head and dug into the salad he pushed next to me. They were blood typing in Biology today so I decided to skip with the Cullens. After he dropped off his car, Edward and I ended up sprawled out on the floor of my living room doing homework. Well I was, he was just making snide comments on how I was too slow. Around dinner time he suddenly stiffened and got up."Edward? What's wrong?" He glanced at the front door. I heard Charlie coming up the drive. "It's just Charlie, he doesn't care that you are here, you know that." He shook his head and pointed. I listened more. Two other people and one had a very rough voice, the Blacks. I didn't need a war in my house tonight. Sighing I got up and handed Edward his jacket and pushed him towards the back door."Sorry, I just can't stand being in the same room as him." He whispered."It's okay, I get it. I don't need a fight tonight and I don't want to play peace keeper, go. I'll text you later." He nodded and hugged me."If he hurts you, call me and I will be here before you can even ask." I smiled and ruffled his hair."Gotcha, no go." I pushed him out the door. He winked and then took off. I laughed and shook my head."Bella?" I cringed at his voice. I felt terrible about this morning and I didn't think I was able to face him. As I entered the living room he smiled as if this morning didn't happen. I smiled back."Hey dad." I looked past him and say the Blacks. Billy looked content and he gave me a small smile, but Jake looked rigid. I knew he could smell Edward, but I didn't care."Did you have company over?" He asked gesturing to the mess in the loving room."Oh yeah, Edward was here earlier. We were doing homework." I just shrugged and pulled off my sweater and draped it over a chair. He nodded."Oh that's fine. Good kid, that one." I smiled and kissed his cheek. I turned to Billy and Jake."Long time no see." I said. Billy came forward and smiled, although I could see it was forced."How are you Bella?" he asked."I'm great, you?""I've been good, miss seeing you around on the rez, though." He said and I could tell he meant it; he'd rather have me there instead of at the Cullens."Yeah, well I have been busy with school and stuff." I shrugged again. Jake stepped forward."Can we talk?" he asked. Sighing I nodded and gestured for him to follow me. I led him upstairs into my room, I leaned against my dresser. I raised my brows, waiting. "I'm sorry.""That's it? Really? You and your pack of mutts insult me, insult my family and all you have to say is sorry. You barley knew me and you guys treated me like I was a criminal. I was there to see you that day, not to get a damn interrogation." My fists were clenched, I wanted to punch him."What else do you want me to say? You think I'm happy that you are with a bloodsucker? Who knows what they are really thinking! You could just be a pet of theirs and you claim they are good. Bella, they aren't natural!" I was shocked at his words."And you are?""I was born this way. I can't help what I am." He rolled his eyes."You think they chose this? You think they like living in a frozen state? They became what they are because they had to survive. Jane and Alec were being burned at the stake when Aro found them, they were only kids and their life was being taken away! You have no right, absolutely no right to judge them Jacob Black." My eyes were burning and if he wasn't a wolf I would have downright slapped him."So what's the plan then? You go live in Italy and become a blood supply? I'm sure Charlie and Renee would be so proud that their daughter became a walking blood bank." He said with a mocking tone."You have no idea what my intentions are. I have a plan for my future and trust me it will be a long one." I said my jaw tight. He figured it out."No." He gasped and backed away a bit. "No, you can't become one of them." His face was horror stuck."It's my choice and you don't know all the details, so I suggest you butt out." He reached forward and pushed me back against the dresser."I won't let you! You can't do this Bella!" I winced at his tight grasp."Jake, let go. Please you're hurting me." He barley budged. "Jacob!" He snapped back to reality and let go."I'm sorry""You need to go." He looked at me with sad eyes. "Now!" he left me and I collapsed against the wall. I was about to just go to bed when the doorbell rang. I heard Charlie answer it."Bells?! It's for you!" he called. I walked down stairs and gasped."Hello, Bella."A\N: Ooooohh who is it? So I am back. I didn't finish TID but I was bored so I thought I would start on this! Please Review and tell me what you think! 
