ISABELLAbyAngelycDevilIt's MyHeroin1's birthday. I love her beyond words. Since I'm broke as shit, I give her my words as a gift instead. Do not fall in love with people like me..I will take you to museums, and parks, and monuments, and kiss you in every beautiful place, so that you can never go back to them without tasting me like blood in your mouth..I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. And when I leave you will finally understand, why storms are named after people. Caitlyn SiehlCHAPTER 1The sky above billows with flat gray clouds, spitting vitriol through every available gap in shades of a bonfire.The river beneath sprints, haphazard in its hurry, crashing into boulders, twirling around the rocks, caresses the pebbles.A single man withstands this beauty from the cemented river bank, his head resting upon his folded forearms as he leans against the railing. He doesn't know why he's there, standing in the middle of an awakening city alone, but he supposed it's his mind forcing him to break from his hectic life. The Rolex his father presented him for his twenty-ninth birthday is a toy between his fingers as his mind drifts between this world and his memories.He remembers everything and nothing at once. His mind travels through decades of moments shared, alone and coveted. He doesn't recall much with perfect clarity and the ones he does, he cherishes with every fiber of his heart and soul.Edward Masen is a lucky man, for he learned at a every young age that regret is the worst evil of them all. Sadness can melt away. Pain can be fixed. Regret clings, gnaws and consumes...slowly. Since then, he has learned many lessons, but this is one that he never forgot. It allows him to live as a free man, for he has always put his best efforts into every pursuit. Yet he isn't a fool. Sometimes, you don't get to have the last say. Sometimes, things fly away before you can catch them and all you can do is watch them float further and further from you while hoping that they don't crash and burn. It is infinitely worse when they take you with them.A screech jolts his body awake and Edward realizes just how long he has been standing on the rivershore. Berating himself for wasting too much time, he hurries to his Mercedes, checking his phone for missed calls or texts on the way.He doesn't notice the pale woman staring at him from across the street.My village: Lellabeth beta'd, EveryDayBella looked over, thewolfswriting and LyricalKris gave invaluable advice.No specific chapter length. No update schedule...yet. I will write out the entire fic before posting again.
