My Only SunshineDisclaimer: all characters and copyright belong to Stephanie Meyer.The other night dear, as I lay sleepingI dreamed I held you in my armsBut when I awoke, dear, I was mistakenSo I hung my head and I cried.You are my sunshine, my only sunshineYou make me happy when skies are greyYou'll never know dear, how much I love youPlease don't take my sunshine awayI'll always love you and make you happy,If you will only say the same.But if you leave me and love another,You'll regret it all some day:You are my sunshine, my only sunshineYou make me happy when skies are greyYou'll never know dear, how much I love youPlease don't take my sunshine awayYou told me once, dear, you really loved meAnd no one else could come between.But not you've left me and love another;You have shattered all of my dreams:You are my sunshine, my only sunshineYou make me happy when skies are grayYou'll never know dear, how much I love youPlease don't take my sunshine awayIn all my dreams, dear, you seem to leave meWhen I awake my poor heart pains.So when you come back and make me happyI'll forgive you dear, I'll take all the blame.You are my sunshine, my only sunshineYou make me happy when skies are grayYou'll never know dear, how much I love youPlease don't take my sunshine awayThe song was playing on the radio again. Rosalie had brought the small, portable radio into the lounge so that Bella would have something to listen to. It helped pass the time and she would raise the volume a little to hide her cries of pain. For some reason the DJ kept playing this song on a loop; Bella found herself singing quietly along to the words. The lyrics painfully reminded her of her absent best friend. The baby shifted again awkwardly, hitting a sensitive nerve. Bella managed to bite her lip to keep from crying out."Are you alright, my love?" Edward appeared beside her suddenly, startling her. She glanced up at her husband. He looked as tortured as ever. It was horrendous seeing that same expression on his handsome face every time he was with her. Dark circles underscored his eyes making the black pupils more prominent than usual. He hadn't hunted in nearly a week because he didn't want to leaver her side.Bella looked at their joined hands. She was already cold and his touch was only making it worse, but as ever the martyr, she refused to say anything. "You need to hunt." She whispered."I'm fine." Edward lied badly."No you're not. Please go." Bella begged him. She needed a break from the way he stared at her more than anything. She was sick of seeing her dying refection in his eyes."But what if..." He began."I have Rose and Carlisle here. Please go. The sooner you will be back." Bella interrupted him.Edward sighed. He was barely holding it together, Bella could see that. Their happily ever after had turned into a nightmare barely a week into their honeymoon. Her hand wandered over her abdomen. Even though it had been only three weeks she looked as if she was approaching full term. Edward's eyes flickered to her stomach and he grimaced. He found it hard to focus on the thing as he called it that was slowly killing his wife. To him it wasn't a life they had created together, but a succubus, eating his wife alive."Sunshine, my only sunshine..." The words rang in Edward's ears. He reached out to turn the damn radio off but Bella stopped him."No, I like it." She lay back and closed her eyes. "Go and hunt, Edward." She said again. He knew that he had been dismissed."I won't be long, my love." Edward pressed a kiss to Bella's forehead as she nodded. She was already lost in dreams."Sunshine my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey..." The words were on Bella's lips as she slowly opened her eyes. She had felt unaccustomed warmth on her forehead and it had awakened her. It took her a second to focus on her visitor. She was stunned to see that it was Jacob."Why are you here?" She breathed.Jacob was stroking her hair away from her forehead. To him it was now brittle and dry, it had lost the thickness and shine that he used to love. He forced himself to keep his eyes on her face. He couldn't bear to look at her swollen belly. It was out of place on her skinny frame. "I found out you were back. I wanted to come see you. I would have been here sooner but I kind of had a run in with Sam." He shrugged."He told you to stay away." Bella said dully. "You should have listened to him.""Bella what the hell has happened to you?" Jacob swallowed thickly. He was finding it hard to equate this skinny, pale girl with the huge haunted eyes to his Bella."I'm going to be a mother." Bella couldn't keep the sarcasm out of her voice.Jacob clenched his jaw. "Bells that thing is an abomination. Carlisle told me what it's doing to you.""You sound like Edward." Bella sneered. "I suppose you want to murder my child too?""As if. This should never have happened in the first place." Jacob snapped, finally losing his patience."Well it did." Bella turned her head from him. "Go home Jake and forget you ever knew me.""Selfish as ever, honey?" Jacob retorted."To the end." Bella laughed bitterly as she glanced at him again."I hate seeing you like this." Jacob tried again."Then don't see me." Bella was feeling tired. She just wanted to sleep. "I'm sorry, Jake. I haven't the energy to cross swords with you or pretend politeness. I am just so cold and exhausted."She heard Jacob mutter under his breath but didn't catch the words. Suddenly his hands were on her, his touch sending waves of heat through her chilled body. "What are you doing?" She asked in alarm."Warming you up." Jacob lifted her onto his lap, placing his arms around her gently. "It wouldn't be the first time, would it?"An unaccustomed smile curved Bella's lips upwards. "That's true." She mumbled as she fell into a deep sleep."Sunshine, my only sunshine..." Bella hummed the words as her eyes fluttered open. She had been disturbed by the sound of voices arguing. She saw her husband leaning close; hissing at Jacob who was still embracing her."Release her.""She was fucking freezing." Jacob whispered fiercely. "Haven't you done enough harm to her?"Edward's eyes blazed. They were now a light amber colour. He had obviously been successful on his hunting expedition. "If she needs heat we have blankets.""Don't argue." Bella said weakly as she struggled to sit upright. The baby moved inside her and she sobbed as she felt her rib crack. "Nooo.""Bella?" Edward was wearing his tortured expression again."Bells?" Jacob adjusted her carefully on his lap and pressed his hand to her ribs. Slowly the pain eased at his touch and she was able to breathe again."How did you do that?" Edward asked, staring at Jacob."Get lost." Jacob snapped. "Leave us be."Edward pressed his lips into a thin line. "I need to consult with Carlisle."Jacob didn't answer. He rested his head on top of Bella's and rocked her gently. Behind them the song began to play again; sunshine, my only sunshine...Carlisle examined Bella carefully. With Jacob holding her, the pain caused by the baby abated. As soon as he moved away from her, it came back with a vengeance. "I have no idea what you are doing, Jacob." He said in confusion. "But if it helps control Bella's pain then we would be eternally in your debt if you stayed with her...""As if I would leave." Jacob replied coldly."Quite." Carlisle always the gentleman did not rise to the bait."How long until he is born?" Bella asked. Even though Jacob's presence was helping with the pain, the accelerated pregnancy was still taking it's toll on her energy reserves. Her face was now stark white and her cheek bones stood out in her thin face."Another few hours, Bella." Carlisle told her gently."A few hours?" Bella choked out. Only a few precious hours until her life was officially over. Regret weighed heavily on her heart. There was so much she wanted to do and say but time was no longer her friend. She glanced over at her husband, than at Jacob. They were both watching her intently; Edward with his usual tortured look and Jacob, who seemed speculative."Bella, I wish things could have been different." Carlisle said regretfully."Well they're not." Bella's voice was flat."Bella, don't." Edward cried out."No you don't." Bella snapped at him. "Please I can't take the way you stare at me, Edward. Please can you go?""Bella?" Edward was stunned at her request.Carlisle put his hand on his adopted son's shoulder. He could see Bella was close to the edge. He whispered comforting words to Edward and led him away."What about me?" Jacob asked her calmly."Stay until it's over?" Bella begged him.Jacob covered her cold hand with his warm one. "Always." He promised.Bella's agonizing cries were the worst thing Jacob had to endure in his young life. He kept a tight hold on her hand as her daughter came into the world. Carlisle had no choice but to perform an emergency caesarean, the demon child had already begun to cut through Bella's flesh with it's sharp teeth to gain entry to the world. Edward assisted his mentor as he held his daughter in his arms for the first time. He glanced down at her and his eyes widened. He didn't need Carlisle to tell him that the child was already dead."Edward?" Bella was having difficulty breathing, it was only Jacob's hold on her hand that was still anchoring her to this world. "Can I see him before I die?""It's a girl." Edward murmured.Bella turned her head to look at her husband. Her heart was fluttering faintly in her chest. The devastated expression on his face made her gasp. "No." She whispered in despair."I'm sorry, my love." Edward hung his head as Carlisle took the dead baby away from him.Bella didn't answer him. She turned her head back toward Jacob and sighed sadly. "It was all for nothing." Tears began to leak out of her eyes as her heart stopped."Sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey, you'll never know dear how much I love you, please don't take my sunshine away..."Bella gasped as the song woke her up. Her radio alarm had gone off. She'd had the worst nightmare of her life. She glanced down at her flat stomach and placed her hand over it in relief. She wasn't pregnant, she hadn't just given birth to a monster baby. Her eyes traveled to the ornate, sparkling diamond ring that Edward had given her the day before when she had agreed to marry him. She had been feeling ambivalent but had gone along with the impromptu engagement because it seemed that was what he really wanted. She shuddered as the dream began to infect her mind again. It was an omen, it had to be. If she married Edward she would have no future at all. Bella slipped the heavy ring off of her finger and shoved it in her bedside drawer.The song continued to play in the background and for the first time in her life Bella actually listened to the words. It described her and Jacob's relationship to a tee. Without bothering to dress properly Bella pulled on an old jacket over her pajamas and hurried out to her Chevy. She needed to get to La Push and tell her best friend that she had been wrong, about everything.Fin...
