Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.~o0o~I stared at the blank document displayed on my computer screen, wondering, not for the first time, why I bothered. What was this all about anyway? Was any of it worth anything to anyone? Did someone out there somewhere really give a shit whether or not I typed another word?All questions in my head. All valid. None really answerable.I sighed. Fuck. Just fuck. My word for the day. I chuckled to myself ruefully. Goddamned good word it is too.Turning back to my screen, I click over to my open email program and check to see what's come in lately, noting a PM by someone calling themselves VampiresAren'tReal.Huh, no shit. I spend day after day writing stories about them. I should know. Mine are all in my fucked up mind.Shrugging to myself, I go ahead and click on the email. Might as well see what they have to say, right? If it's a flame, my delete function works just fine, thank you very much.I laugh as I take in just what they have to say.Dear VampiresAreRealToMe,You had better be careful. You are getting too close.Sincerely,VampiresAren'tRealWell, fuck. Like that wasn't just a bit creepy. I shrug and delete the thing with a chuckle.Too close? How they can say that, I'll never know. After all, my latest story has vampires originating from another planet for fucks sake. And not just that, but an all male society where some of the males give birth! I mean, really?Sitting back in my seat, I lean my head all the way back, staring at the ceiling. Maybe it's time for a break from all of this.Yeah, that sounds good to me. A couple of days without touching a computer or a keyboard might do me some good and give me a fresh perspective on all of this. I mean, I'm getting burned out, and for what? The hope that maybe one day I'll finally produce something that is actually worth publishing?I sigh. It was a nice dream anyway.Sitting up, I reach for my phone, determined to call my friend Jake. He's going to the movies with me even if I have to drag his greasy ass away from his project car and all the way in to Port Angeles.He picks up on the second ring."Jake! It's me.You know who, you ass."I sigh. "Yeah, I'm aware that it's been a while, okay? I'm sorry. I've just...you know..been busy. Yeah Jake, still writing my vampire bullshit."I roll my eyes and listen to his mini tirade. Let the boy get the shit out of his system."Okay...okay...yeah...fuck! Are you done now?"I sigh. "Look, I called to see if you wanted to hang out for a couple of days. I just updated all of my stories and I want to take a break...Yes, this is really me and no, I'm not sick or dying...that I know of.So, do you wanna hang out or what? Cool.No, I'm driving. Last time we went anywhere in that tiny POS you drive, we were stranded for a fucking day waiting on one of your buddies to come and tow the turd.Yes, I'm aware that you've done a lot to it since then...Jesus Jake! Okay, I did not mean to insult your car. I'm very sorry. I know you love her and she means a lot to you."I shake my head, staring out the window."Okay Jake, you win, but I swear to god if that thing breaks down...Okay...yes, I trust you...somewhat."I laugh as he tells me to fuck off."I'm kidding you ass. Don't be so touchy. Christ, you'd think the fucking car gives good head or something, the way you defend it."I smirk as I hear Quil and Embry laughing in the background."Well, that's what you get for putting me on speaker... Okay, I'll see you in twenty. Bye."I get up and run a brush through my hair as I stare out my window. As wet as this place is all the time, I've convinced myself that the trees aren't really trees at all but massive examples of various forms of mold.I shrug. It fits my view of the place anyway. Soggy mold colonies with cities and towns carved into it in various places. It even smells moldy.Deciding to check email one more time before I leave, because I'm an addict when it comes to this shit, my heart speeds a little when I see yet another PM from VampiresAren'tReal.For some reason, I have this feeling of foreboding as I stare at the unopened email.Rolling my eyes at my ridiculous paranoia, I click on the thing and read as something like ice trickles it's way down my spine.Dear VampiresAreRealToMe,You really shouldn't discount my warning.Remove the story, or it will be done for you.We know where you live.Sincerely,VampiresAren'tRealI must admit, I'm just a little freaked out now. I mean, I've been flamed before, but this? This was an actual threat. I mean, it's a corny and clichd threat, but a threat nonetheless."We know where you live." Pfft. Fuckers. Now I'm getting pissed. It's probably some thirteen year old kid with dirty socks and gym shorts all over his room, that's decided it'd be all kinds of fun to fuck with someone chosen at random.I'd respond back, but I've learned my lesson about feeding the trolls, so I hit delete and lean back in my chair.Jake should be here any minute and I have to admit, after today, it'd be good to get my mind off of this shit for a while and just be.A feeble beep brings me out of my thoughts and I snicker as I make my way outside and to Jake's classic ride, as he likes to call it. I still say it's a turd and I hate to break it to him, but if you polish a turd, it's still a turd.I smirk. I'll keep those thoughts to myself. I've pissed him off enough for one day. I've known Jake for a long time and can tell when he's had his limit and I know that I pegged it during the phone conversation.Come to think of it, he's been really short-tempered for the past couple of months and it's been kind of weird. He was never like that. Always good-natured and could take my jokes, but now? Not so much.I shrugged mentally. Just another mystery that requires thought and I wasn't in the mood for it. Not after the love notes from VAR.I hop in the car and nudge his shoulder. "Hi Jake."He smiles. "Hey Bella. So what movie you wanna see anyway? I haven't bothered to see what's playing in a while now."I shrug. "Me either. I don't even watch TV anymore so I'm clueless. We'll just pick one when we get there?"He pulls out and nods. "Sure, sounds like a plan. If it doesn't start for a while, we'll go grab some food. I'm fucking starving.""When aren't you starving? You're huge! Frankly, I'm surprised that you haven't had to yank the front seats and just sit in the back to drive."He smirked. "It's all that fresh ocean air on the Rez. Grows us big and strong."I smirked. "I wasn't talking about your smell Jake, just your size."He flipped me off with a chuckle. That was the Jake I knew. Always ready for our banter. I was relieved to see it and settled back for the ride, a smile on my face.
