Author's Note: Hey y'all! Sorry I haven't posted in a while! I didn't realize I had so many people that liked my Leah stories. :)Many thanks to ShadowCub and other users that commented on my stories!This story ended up being a bit difficult to write, and a bit weirder than I had expected, but all in all I'm beginning to like it and get used to the characters. I've already started the 2nd part, so hopefully you won't need to wait too long for the next chapter. :)Like most of my stories, I haven't read the Twilight books in a while, so don't be too upset if I get some of the events wrong. I purposely had fun with the Quileute Tribe in this version and delving into the events leading up to their transformations.Summary: In the thousands of years that she's been alive, Kila has only loved one person. Leah is the reincarnation of that love, and when she meets her, will find any way to stay in town and get to know her. Leahxoc, femslash.Warnings: Sexual content, vague drug/alcohol references, and other potentially offending themes.The WandererReincarnation-500 years ago-Her lips were sweeter and softer than anything she had ever tasted.When they parted slightly, she opened her eyes, and was welcomed by the warmth of her beautiful eyes. Creamy brown, sparkling against the sunlight, and only a few inches from her own dark eyes. The cascade of hair mimicked a curtain as it quickly descended around her face. They felt separated from the world, and in their own wonderful one.She smelled of wolf and woman, of pine, dirt and sweat.She loved it. She lived for it.The old women, bodies untouched by the powers of time, pressed against each other in a heated kiss. Their leather clothing rubbed against each other, and hands mixed with hair and skin. Gentle caresses, soft skin brushing against skin, and nails that would scratch and cause a thrust of their hips.Butterflies fluttered in their chests, and warmth spread through their abdomen. The girl laying on the grass, pulled the other's hips into hers, and drew out a long appreciative moan. She moved her lips to her neck, and tasted salt as she licked and kissed the sensitive skin."I love you, Kila.""I love you too, Lati." They whispered to each other.They tasted of fish, and the remains of their meal were a few feet away. A smoldering fire was dying, and above them, clouds were threatening to invade.With a large, wolfish grin, Lati pulled away from their entanglement. She jumped to stand and started walking away."Be safe, my love." Kila spoke softly, lifting her own body into a sitting position. She watched her partner sway her hips as she walked, and a wink passed between them. "We'll finish this when you get back."Then she ran forward, leaped into the air, and shifted into a wolf. She disappeared in a blur, and Kila was left there, smiling and getting ready to finish setting up camp.1."Welcome back, wolf-woman." Kila greeted at the familiar face, and the other girl smiled. Bare-naked, she walked over to her clothes that lay on a rock by the fire, and started changing into them. The white scar on her left hip glistened in the firelight. The scent of dead boar met the other woman's nose. "Boar, again?""If you're going to complain, then you can go hunt." She replied, still fitting the clothing to her small form. "I got a bit too close to a human village today. I also smelled vampires in the area.""Vampires? They didn't catch your scent, did they?""I hope not. But, there's no way to tell.""This is enough meat to last us a while. We'll finish preparing it tomorrow, get the fish from my traps in the river, and leave this place.""You're so cautious. I'm sure they never saw me.""You don't know them like I do, love." Kila replied, looking her in the eye. "Promise me that you will never fight one on your own?""Aye, aye, I know." She said quickly, and annoyed. "I'm not a pup, you know.""I know. But you can be stubborn and hot headed." She said with a loving smile, and placed a loving kiss on those beautiful lips.-Present Day-"Everything that kills me makes me feel alive~" She sang, speeding down the road in her new sapphire blue model Tesla car. Her turns were precise. The control of the vehicle was better than anything she had ever driven; of all the cars she had tested over the past hundred years, this was by far her favorite.The windows were open, letting the crazy wind wip around her in a whirlwind. Aviators reflected the open road before her, bright red lipstick made her smile pop against her dark skin, and even with the boring fields flying past her, the exhilaration made her heart race against her chest."Lately I've been, I've been losing sleep. Dreaming about the things that we could beeee, but baby, I been, I been prayin' hard." She continued singing, and sped faster.80 mph85 mph90100130"Rrrrrrrrrrraow!" She cried out with clicks of her tongue and cheered into the sun above her, thanking whatever god watching over her and increasing her speed. She cheered again, reciting centuries old calls that rolled off of her tongue and made her blood rush.2.She pressed her back against the door of her car, drinking from the clear water bottle in her hand. She arched her spine slightly, beads of sweat dripping down her dark, exposed skin.Hundreds of years ago, she had no care for being vain or appearing attractive, but in this past century she changed her mind. American fashion has become much more interesting and less painful than in the past, and increasingly easy. Her natural thin physic worked with the current cultural fashion industry, and eBay made getting the clothes even easier and cheaper. It used to be that large, fat men and women was valued in most cultures, and consequently, she was out of luck.But now, she was wearing white short shorts and a black embroidered vest. Most of her abdomen was exposed, lean flamingo legs holding her up, and short raven hair framing her heart-shaped face.While her car was being filled by gas, two guys by the little shop watched in awe. "What a hottie." One of them giggled.And then the car jolted from under her, and she hopped forward and turned to watch in horror. Her brand new car skidded forward, the back crunched up like a tin can, and the sound of metal scraping metal pierced the air. The blue car skidded forward a good twenty feet before smashing into a brick wall."What the hell is wrong with you!?" She yelled at the driver, glaring in disdain at the old, grubby car that had just smashed into hers. It was a 40 year old truck, covered in rust and cracked windows. "Do you have any idea how much this car cost? How many bribes I had to do!?" She could smell the McDonalds in the car, drifting from the open window. Fucking McDonalds.The urge to kill them ran across her mind, and adrenaline pumped through her veins.Her nails began turning into claws.The truck door opened, and a woman stepped out of the vehicle. An imaginary frog became lodged in her throat."Lati." Kila whispered, her heart dropping to her stomach. Her throat became dry, adrenaline still pumping in her veins, and dark brown eyes wide.There were subtle differences between the two, like hair length/texture and obviously clothing, but it looked exactly like her. Her eyes, cheek bones, general facial features, and even body type were the same. It was like looking at a photograph."I'm so, so so so sorry." She spoke after a moment, her hands covering her mouth in shock. "I got distracted by a squirrel, and, I didn't mean to, I'm so, so sorry. How much will it cost to fix it? I don't have much money but I'll try my best to get it fixed." The Native American girl gushed as she stepped closer, her face turning white.Kila just stared.She slowly turned her head back to the expensive car, and then back to the woman in front of her."You" She started to speak, but then stopped. She uncapped her water bottle and took another drink."I don't have insurance. I have some savings for college that I can use to pay for it.""Oh honey, I doubt that that'll be enough. This model of car isn't even available to the public yet." She said, shaking her head."We'll take it to the autoparts store in La Push. I know someone there that is great at fixing cars.""No one is touching my baby except for me." She hissed, and took a deep breath. "Look, you're going to pay for my electric bill on the car, and then we're going to go eat at the diner across the street to talk about arrangements. Alright?" The old woman stated, and the girl nodded."Okay, okay," She repeated while nodding.3."You're paying for my lunch." Kila stated after ordering beer battered fish and chips."Understandable. I'll even pay for your dinner if you want me to. I'm Leah, by the way.""Kelsey." She said curtly, and removed the aviators from her face by pushing them upward onto her head. "You said that you have a friend in your town with an autoparts store?""Well, it's more like a junkyard, but he knows what he's doing.""Do you have an extra room in your house?"" yes, why?"The waitress brought over a couple of sodas. They both removed the paper wrapping from their straws and began sipping at their drinks. After a moment of thinking, Kila made a proposal."How about this: I stay in your extra room while I fix my car at your friend's junkyard. They'll likely have the tools I need to fix it and I can order the parts I need from the person I bought the car from. You can basically pay for my room and board until it gets fixed.""Really? I just have to let you stay at my house for a few weeks?""It'll be a minimum of two months. It'll take a month to special order the parts, and then another few weeks to get them here, and then however long it'll take to actually fix my car." She explained, watching the girl slowly nod and stare at her.Leah's hair was shoulder length and adorable."How old are you?""17. I'm a junior in high school." She said with an adorable smile. Kila couldn't help but chuckle."You're cute." She commented, and watched the blush spread across the young girls' cheeks. "Ooh, our food is here."The waitress set down their food, and with a polite smile, left to wait the other tables.Leah had gotten a plate of pasta with a side of fries. A minute later, she ordered a strawberry milkshake.The restaurant wasn't very busy, and only had a few other people eating. It was a quiet little diner with old 60's pictures of its staff and building lettering the walls, along with other 60's memorabilia."After we eat, we can go to your house and I'll talk with your parents. Since you don't have insurance and you're still in high school, it's probably best that I make any plans with them.""Sure." She agreed."So are you dating anyone?""I have a fianc." She stated, a smile spreading across her face. "We've been dating for three years. He's amazing, kind, nice, and treats me well. He's really strong, too, and handsome.""He seems like a nice guy." Kila said with a kind smile. "When do you plan to get married?""In three years. After we start college, we're going to get married on the beach. I already have everything planned out. We're even going to have an ice statue.""Sounds beautiful.""What about you?""No, I'm single at the moment. Do you know of any gay bars in town?" She asked, and watched the 17 year old choke on her food. A small smile sneaked on the old woman's face."Gay bars? No, not that I know of. Why do you think that I'd know that? I don't." She said quickly, and face getting even more red."Just curious. No need to get defensive." She replied, hiding the knowing smile on her face.4."Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Clearwater, I'm Kelsey Love." She introduced herself with a bright smile and an extended hand. Although both of them gave her a confused look from her attire, they both tried to appear polite. They all shook hands."Call me Harry, and this is my wife, Sue." Harry greeted, a warm smile on his face. When they shook hands, he had a strong but gentle grip, and his hands encompassed her small ones. "So you're friends with our daughter?""Not exactly, but I'm not opposed to it. Mind if we sit down to talk about business?""What business are you talking about?""Leah crashed into my car, and she told me that she doesn't have insurance." She explained, and both of them nodded."Would you like some coffee, Kelsey?""I would love some, thank you." She said with a polite smile, and followed them into the dining room. While Sue went into the kitchen to get them all coffee, Harry and Kelsey sat at the kitchen table."How bad is the damage?""Pretty bad." She answered, and opened the curtain a couple feet from her. He glanced out the window and looked at it, a grimace covering his face."Oooh. That looks like it was a nice car.""The model isn't even available to the public. I'm going to have to special order the parts.""Here you go." Sue said as she set down two cups of coffee, and another for herself next to Harry. She glanced out the window, to see what Harry was frowning at, and a similar expression covered her face. "Oooh"Kila took a sip of the coffee, and then added some half n half from a china pot. She hummed at the taste of the coffee. "Thank you for the coffee. Is this organic? It tastes delicious.""Yes, it is. We have a friend that grows coffee beans, so we get discounts for them.""Nice." She commented. "Look, I mean no offense at all, but I'm guessing that you don't have enough extra money to fix it. I spent a million dollars on this car, not counting the bribes I had to make it legal for me to buy it. She smashed it pretty good.""Unfortunately, this isn't the first time this has happened. She's going to be grounded for the next year." Sue commented, and sipped her coffee."So I have a compromise." She started, both of her hands gently holding the breakable mug. "I've been on a road trip for the past year, and although I'm getting a bit tired of traveling, don't have anywhere to stay. Leah said that you have a friend with a repair shop. If you let me stay in your extra room for the next few months, I'll work on the car at the repair shop, while you cover my room and board. You'll let me eat your food and stay here while I repair my car, and I won't make you pay for my car." Kila suggested, and watched them carefully."I don't know I mean, we don't know you, and you don't know us.""I'm a 21 year old girl that inherited a large sum of money two years ago, and have been traveling across the country partying and enjoying my youth. My parents died when I was young and I was mostly raised by my aunt and grandparents on my father's side. They were very poor and worked hard to get me a good education. I could tell that my outfit bothers you, so if I stayed here I would wear more conservative clothing to avoid making you uncomfortable." She spoke quickly, but used her calming voice.Over her lifetime, she had learned how to talk to people and get on their good side. Much like vampires are easy to seduce humans, she gives the appearance of a trustworthy person that almost every person she meets instantly trusts them on some level. Although these two individuals seemed suspicious and cautious, she knew that she was already accepted."Did you graduate high school?" Sue asked."Yes, with a 3.5 GPA. I plan to start college in two years and become a psychologist.""Are you a drug addict?""I've tried everything once but nothing regularly. Since I just turned 21 I started exploring the bar scene, and thus drink on occasion.""Do you have an arrest history? I have a friend that is Chief of Police, so he will do a background check."She paused. "I have a fight on my record."They exchanged a look."I went to a bar with a female friend, and a Christian woman punched her, thinking that we were gay. We defended ourselves, but since it was such a conservative town, we were charged with battery and not given a fair chance." She explained, and took a sip from her coffee. "Otherwise, I'm clean, in all senses of the word."After a moment of silence and nodding, Harry spoke up. "Sue and I have been married for 30 years. I'm a council member and Sue is a nurse. I go fishing every day during fishing season. We have a teenage daughter and son, Seth. He's two years younger than her. Leah is in high school and engaged. We try to keep the house clean, but with two teenagers that's not always easy.""Since I have work and unpredictable shifts, Harry does most of the cooking and other house chores. He also has heart problems, so we try to eat healthy." She said, giving her husband a look. "We can ask our friend Billy to loan you a car while you're here. We ask that you not bring drugs into the house, and not expose it to our kids.""Of course.""We'll also have to clean out the guest room for you. It's a bit messy at the moment.""I have a place to stay tonight, so you have time. I guess I'll come back sometime tomorrow, and leave you my number tonight? If you have any questions, you can text or call me."5.She lit a cigarette on the balcony of some woman's home. Inside, beneath the sheets, the apartment owner breathed slowly under the sheets in a content slumber. A smile was pinned to her face, and a sigh escaped her bruised lips every few minutes. Long blond hair was strewn across the pillows, tangled in her hands and across her face."Lati's reincarnation" She hummed, and a trail of smoke spewed from her nostrils like a dragon. Her dark eyes lingered on the lights of the city, beautiful sparkles matching the stars in the night sky. She remembered when the sky was so full of stars that they would sometimes stay through the daytime. She thought they would never leave.Now, the stars were few, but still glittered bright in the midst of light pollution.The fond memory of Lati and her cuddling under the stars came to her mind, and she couldn't help but smile to herself. She inhaled another puff of smoke into her lungs, and felt the familiar burning sensation drift through her airway.Smoke drifted into the air again.Clad in underwear and an oversized t-shirt, she took the bottle of tequila on the ground and brought the liquid to her lips.1.BAMBAMBAM"Seth! Get out of the bathroom!""Shut up! Wait your turn!""We have 20 minutes until school starts! We need to go, and I still haven't showered!" Leah yelled.Kila groaned and put a pillow over her head.2."Sam! I love you so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, soooo much!" Leah giggled and squealed from the living room, and a similar response came from a deeper voice. From the kitchen, Harry and Kila rolled their eyes."How are you enjoying it here?" Harry asked her while cutting up vegetables."Aside from Leah's screaming everyday, it's pretty nice." She said with a shrug. "So Seth is at a friend's house tonight?""Yeah, and Sue is working late. Leah and Sam will be going to his house for dinner.""So it's just us tonight?" She asked, then taking a sip of hot cocoa."Yep. Tomorrow I'm going fishing with some friends.""Nice. I love Quileute recipes with fish. Always fresh and unique.""Oh? You really liked last week's dinner?" He asked, then putting the vegetables in the boiling broth. The smell of herbs filled the kitchen as he prepared the meal.The front door clicked shut, and the living room suddenly became quiet."What do you know of Kila?" She suddenly asked, and the man paused to look at her. His old dark eyes stared into hers, wrinkles suddenly appearing deeper with his gaze." what do you know about Kila?""By your reaction I can tell that you've at least heard of me. I like to check up on your tribe every hundred years or so and make sure that you're ok." She commented, and watched as his eyes widened."Kila? You're Kila, the werewolf?" He asked incredulously, and set the knife on the counter. "You helped us on several occasions, according to legend. You saved us from the cold ones when they attacked us.""Yeah, I help you guys every once in a while. I consider your tribe the closest thing I have to a pack." She told him. He smiled."I never would have expected it. How do I know if you're telling the truth?""Search your heart, you know it's true." She said with a cheeky smile, and caused her eyes to shimmer gold against the light."As cheesy as it sounds, you're right. We should hold a council meeting.""There's no rush, Harry. Besides, there's something else you and I need to talk about."3."Sam! Why won't you answer my calls?! Ugh!" Leah screamed into the phone one evening, and pressed 'end call' furiously with her finger. "Stupid, stupid, stupid!"" You ok, Leah?" Kila asked, pausing on her way out the door. The young girl, close to tears, looked up at her. Her lips were pouting slightly, shoulders slumped over, and hands lingering helplessly over her phone. She stood in the living room facing the other woman, and after a huff, began reciting her troubles."No, I'm not! Sam, he he just stopped talking to me! He won't answer my calls, he hasn't been in school, he hasn't talked to our friends I don't know what's wrong. What did I do wrong?" She asked, looking at her with a lost expression and watering brown eyes.At the painfully familiar voice and a face she hadn't seen in over 500 years, Kila felt a stabbing pain ache in her chest. It felt as if she was reliving a flashback, back to seeing her true love's tears, and the feeling of being torn apart was racketing through her limbs. It felt worse than being torn apart by vampires or fed on by crocodiles. The pain was so unbearable that she couldn't help but soothe it by bridging the gap between them. Her strides were quick and graceful, and if she hadn't been so upset would have startled Leah by the abruptness."Shhh, it'll be ok, Leah." She cooed, and pulled her into a warm embrace. Warm, wet tears spread across her shoulder as the Clearwater girl cried. "Guys are weird. Give him a little bit of time, and maybe he'll open up to you. How about we distract you by getting some ice cream? I'll treat." Kila said in a calming voice, and tried to pull the teenager's face away to look at her. "I will do anything to make you smile again, love." She whispered, brushing away the tears from her cheeks with her thumbs.The warm flesh beneath her palms were red and puffy from the tears, but they were still soft to her touch. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, but a few stray hairs had landed on her face. While her thumbs brushed away the tears, her hands also tried to clear away the strands of hair.When their eyes locked, Kila knew that she had made a horrible mistake.Leah was rigid, frozen in place, and staring at her with wide eyes.Kila was relaxed, but began feeling a clenching, anxious pain replace the chest pains from before, slowly spread across her torso and throughout her body. She gulped, and removed her hands from the girl's face."I'm sorry if that last sentence sounded awkward. In my family, we refer to everyone as 'love', and sometimes I do it out of habit. I forget that it's an awkward phrase for other people." Kila explained.Leah didn't move."Look, my offer for ice cream still stands. I'm going to text in the car for a few minutes, so you'll have that time to decide if you want to join me or not." She told her, eyeing her cautiously to find any glimmer of reaction from her.Leah just stared at her, with her big brown puffy eyes, standing awkwardly in the middle of the empty living room.4."We're honored to meet you, Kila." One of the council members greeted with a nod, and she returned it. Given their guest appearance, all of them were adorned in traditional garb. They all wore beads, deer skin, some headdresses, and many feathers.Kila wore a dress and robe she had been given on her last visit, decorated in plentiful beads and beautiful embroidered designs unique to their tribe. On her head she wore a simple black head band with a white paw print sewn into it."I'm glad to be here." She said with a smile, speaking in their ancient language. Some of them smiled in understanding, and others awkwardly nodded as they tried to translate it in their head.They were all sitting cross-legged in a yurt, each person with their own pillow, and all of them making a circle. They all sat with straight backs and perfect posture. The smell of sage and other herbs burned their nostrils and eyes. Hand made drums, dream catchers, and other old relics of their village were hung on the walls, seeming untouched by the years."Is this usually how you do meetings?""No, we usually meet up at someone's house and use their living room." The leader answered, and Kila nodded with a smile. "We only use this yurt on special occasions.""Well, thank you. I appreciate that you all went through the trouble. In the future, I hope that you feel comfortable enough to have meetings in the usual fashion. This dress is beautiful but it chaffs after a while.""As you wish. Since you are the main reason for this gathering, would you mind answering some of our questions?" Billy Black spoke up, looking at her with dark and tired eyes. She nodded. "What are your powers?""Are you asking about my shapeshifting abilities?" She asked, and he nodded. "I'm a werewolf, in the literal definition. My body can only handle to transform once a month. I usually transform on the full moon, but in cases where people are in danger of hunting me, I'll turn a few days afterward. When I'm not a wolf, I have superhuman abilities similar to a cold one.""Do you know about the Cullens?" One of them asked."Harry told me about them, and the theory that they're causing your youth to transform.""With your help, we're hoping that we can get them to leave.""Unless I've been given false information, I see no reason to bother them. In fact, this is a good thing. If your tribe goes too long without transforming, it'll make it that much more difficult to get control of if vampires come back." She explained. "I can tell that most of you disagree.""We value your wisdom." Billy spoke. "But you have to understand, it's our children that are going through this change. This is a terrifying change for them, and for us.""Believe me, Billy. You all will get through this, and by the end, you'll all be better for it."5.Harry Clearwater and Kila carpooled back to his house, and found an extra car in the driveway when they arrived. It was a red Sudan, and parked next to Leah's dinged up truck. "Whose car is that?""Emily's. It looks like my niece is in town.""Huh." She commented, and turned the motor off with a click."She's a wonderful girl. You'll like her." He commented, preparing himself to leave the van. Kila came around to the other side of the van to help him, opening the sliding door and unstrapping his wheel chair from the vehicle. "Beautiful, smart, and very kind. She loves soccer. Leah and her used to practice a lot when they were little."She pushed his wheelchair up the slope leading to the front door, and after fumbling with the lock, entered the house.The smell of fresh baked brownies welcomed them into the house, and the sound of two giggling girls met their ears. As they entered the living room, closing the door behind them, they saw two bubbly heads peer over the couch. "Hey dad, Kelsey. Where did you guys go?""We were at a council meeting." Harry replied, and their eyebrows knitted together in confusion."Why did Kelsey go?" Leah asked, carefully avoiding eye contact with her."You'll find out soon enough." Kila commented, a cocky smile dancing along her lips. She changed her attention to Emily. "Hi, I'm Kelsey." She said with a wave, noticing that the girl was beautiful, like Harry had said."Hi, I'm Emily. Nice to meet you." She greeted."You, too.""You're both welcome to the brownies in the kitchen. We just pulled them out of the oven.""You are my new favorite person." Kila said with a wink, and disappeared into the kitchen. "I love your earrings, by the way! Those penguins are adorable!""Thanks!"
