A/N  Hey everyone, here is Chapter 1 of Opposites Attract.I am reposting this story, making edits and hopefully correcting any spelling and grammar mistakes. I will repost first couple of chapters that were already up and then carry on the story. I have even planned ahead in the story so there will be a sequel! I hope you like it because then that can go ahead like planned!There are Outfits for this story available on my profile.I would really appreciate your views on this story, so let me know what you think by Reviewing! Please?! :) Thanks - Enjoy Bad Boy Edward! xoxoChapter 1BPOV"I can't believe you talked me into coming tonight.""Oh come on Bella, lighten up! Live a little!" Jessica says, as she pulls me along behind her. I try to keep up as best I can in my heels, as we head up the long driveway towards the loud music, that pulsed through the air from a huge white house in front of us."Yeah Bella Besides everybody from school is coming, so we had to come!" Lauren argues as she pulls up her already mini skirt and fluffed her hair."But I don't get it. I mean no one even knows them. They haven't even started school yet, and they invite everybody to a party. Why?" I ask as we climb up the steps to the front door."Duhh Bella! They are the Cullens and Hales. If you get invited to one of their parties, you go!" Jessica shouts over the now very loud music, as we make our way through crowded hallway."But we don't know them! Do you even know what they look like?" I ask, quirking an eyebrow at both of them."Yes, actually I do. I added most of them on Facebook after the invites were sent out." Lauren responds proudly."Most of them?" I ask."Yeah well, I added the hale twins, Rosalie and Jasper, both of them are tall, blonde, blue eyed and stunning. And I added Emmett and Alice Cullen, who they are dating. He's this big shoot football player, all bulky and handsome, and she's this tiny, pretty thing who's a fashionista in the making. But they also have a brother, Edward Cullen. He's apparently got this whole dark, brooding thing going on, with loads of tattoos and he is totally hot. But, no one's actually seen him yet and that's why I'm here. I totally want to meet him and get to know him a little better if you know what I mean." Lauren explained, finishing with an over the top wink in mine and Jessica's direction."Oh right." I reply, still not quite understanding why I needed to be here."Oh come on Bella, loosen up! Have a drink" Jessica shouts, handing me a red cup filled with a suspicious looking liquid."I don't know guys, you know parties aren't really my thing" I respond, sipping the drink and cringing slightly at the taste."Bella can you just quit acting like the Chief of Police's daughter for just one night, and have fun. Everything will be fine.""Well, maybe if she had worn the outfit we had picked out for her she would have a better time." Lauren whispered harshly to Jessica, under her breath.I ducked my head shyly, trying to hide any signs of hurt that came across my features at her words, as well as to secretly check out what I was wearing.I thought I looked pretty good, wearing a pair of skin tight black jeans and a pink, flowing top with thin straps that hugged my curves. I had even finished my look off with a pair of sky high black heels with spikes and had curled my long, brown hair. It was far better than the outfit Lauren had picked out, which had consisted of a mini skirt that barely covered my ass and a crop top showing of my stomach. In other words I would have looked like a slut, like she does.Sometimes I wonder why I'm even friends with Jessica and Lauren. We are just too different. I'm a shy, straight A student, who likes to listen to all types of music and read books in my spare time. Whereas, they are outgoing and confident, focusing more on boys and sex than school. That's all I seem to hear them talk about boys and sex. Jessica has this on-going thing with a dumb football player called Mike, and Lauren, well, she has on-going flings with just about every other boy in the entire school. Like I said, they're sluts. I think the only reason I'm friends with them is because both of their mothers are friends with mine, and it just sort of happened."Yeah, you should have taken our advice and wore that outfit, you would've looked super-hot!" Jessica agrees with Lauren like usual."Yeah maybe you would have finally cashed in your V card if you had." Lauren teases grabbing Jessica's hand, "Come on Jess. Let's go dance!" she said, towing her into the mass of people dancing in the living room.I sigh heavily, taking another sip of my drink as I lean against the wall and take in my surroundings."She's wrong you know. You look so hot in that outfit, but just the right amount to balance with your natural beauty." A small, high pitched voice interrupts my thoughts.My head snaps around in the direction of the voice to find a small, pretty pixie like girl with jet black hair and bright blue eyes staring back at me. Alongside her was a tall, lean guy with blonde hair and ice blue eyes who had his hand wrapped around her waist."Excuse me?" I ask shyly, unsure of what to say to her."Your friend, the blonde one, she's wrong about your outfit. I love it! Its way better than what she's wearing, that's probably why she hates it, because she's jealous." The pixie girl says confidently gesturing to my outfit."Umm thanks I guess.""No problem. I'm Alice by the way, Alice Cullen and this is my boyfriend Jasper Hale." She replies, holding out a hand for me to take."I'm Bella; it's nice to meet you. So this is your party? It's awesome." I try to say as convincingly as possible, but receive a laugh from both of them in return, which tells me I didn't succeed."Not your scene?" Jasper asks."Not really, is it that obvious?""No, I just had a feeling" he responds with another chuckle."Yeah, it's not my brother's thing either apparently, which would explain why he is upstairs in his room, sulking" Alice tells me, making me giggle in response."Well, got to circulate, we'll see you around Bella." She finishes, before leading Jasper off into the crowd.For most of the night, I ended up just wandering around the party by myself as Jessica makes-out and dances with Mike, and Lauren goes off with a football player, James, to do God knows what. After a couple of drinks I'm feeling a little buzzed making me loosen up a little and dance, but the drinks soon mean I'm in desperate need for a bathroom, so I go in search of one in this huge house. Just off the kitchen, I find what seems to be the bathroom with no queue, score! So I quickly make my way over and swing the door open, only to find Lauren and James having sex up against the sink. I cringe and avert my eyes, before shouting a quick sorry as I slam the door shut behind me."You might want to try the one upstairs. Up two flights of stairs, second door on the right." a voice says behind me, making me turn around to come face to face with a beautiful blonde girl."Yeah that might be a good idea, thanks""Rosalie Hale" she says in a bored tone."Right, okay, well thanks." I reply, before I scuttle away, slightly scared by her cold personae.I hurriedly make my way upstairs, being as careful as I can not to trip or fall in my heels. The first floor is busy with people, mostly couples, making out up against the walls, some practically having sex right there in the hallway. So I quickly avert my eyes and make my way up to the second floor, which is a lot quieter than the other, only seeing one girl who stumbles back down the stairs as I reach the top. I find the bathroom easily and feel much better after I have done my business.As I exit the bathroom ready to re-join the party downstairs, a voice startles me from behind."Bella!"I whirl round, startled by the voice coming from the darkness.He slowly steps out from the shadows with a smug smirk on his face."Mike, hey, what's going on?" I ask casually, hoping my voice doesn't give away the fear that has suddenly come over me."Oh Bella so beautifulll" he slurs, as he steps closer to me."Umm Mike, are you okay? Where's Jess?""Oh, I don't care. I gave only ever cared about you. That's why I used her to get closer to you, Bell-a" he said, dragging out my name as he continues to step towards me, causing me to back away with each of his steps."Mike, wh what are you t-talking about?" I stutter, as my back hits the wall."Come off it Bella, I know you want me too" he breathes, lowering his face down to mine making a wave of the strong alcohol smell on his breath to hit me. His arms are soon pressed up against the wall on either side of me, caging me in with no escape."I want you Bella. You're minee" he slurs once again, before lowering his face down to my neck and placing sloppy kisses up and down my throat."Mike. Stop" I say, as I try to push him away, but that only seems to encourage him as he presses his body closer to mine."No, Bella, Come on!" He says, as his lips crash down onto mine. He hard lips start to kiss me roughly, as I continue to struggle against him and his lips. He is soon forcing his tongue into my mouth making me taste the alcohol in my mouth. After a few more minutes of me fighting against him, I can't take anymore, so I use all my might to bite down on his tongue."Argh, you bitch!" he shouts, as he grabs to tops of my arms and squeezes hard making me cry out in pain."Please stop" I plead, as he starts to kiss my neck again, his hands travelling from my arms to my boobs, taking them in his hands roughly causing me to whimper out in agony."Oh yeah, you like that baby, yeah" he groans out, misinterpreting my whimper, "Yeah, well let's see what your hiding." He continues as he grabs my top and ripping it in half to reveal my lace bra and stomach."Shit, Bella you're so hot, I have to have you." He moans, reaching down to undo his pants."No, please, Mike, No." I cry out, tears streaming down my face.He lips find my neck again, where he kisses and bites as he pushes against me hard, crushing me to the wall. His hands make their way to the front of my pants, trying to get them open."Nooo plee-asee! Stop!" I start to shout, fighting against him.Then, all of a sudden, he's gone.And I can breathe properly again for the first time in the last few minutes.I sink to the floor as I break down in tears at the situation. I look up to find a tall, lean yet bulky guy with bronze hair punching and kicking Mike repeatedly, as he lay on the floor groaning in pain."Please, stop." I whisper through my tears, causing the guy to stop suddenly and turn towards me.With tears still in my eyes I quickly look down, trying and pull myself together, by gathering the remains of my shirt to cover up my body as best I can.Then, a black t-shirt appears in front of me making me to look up at my mystery hero. Our eyes lock instantly, his bright emerald green eyes connecting with my own chocolate brown."Here" he says, indicating to the shirt.He helps me put on the shirt eventually, as all my strength has gone from my earlier fight against Mike. He then takes me in his arms, cradling me to his chest and carries me into a room down the hall. I instantly curl up against his hard, warm chest feeling weirdly protected and safe in his presence. A few seconds later he places me down softly on a comfortable bed, my eyes fluttering closed as a sleepy states takes over me, probably due to the combination of alcohol and exhaustion.But just before I'm fully asleep I hear my mystery guy softly talking to me."Hey, you okay?" his smooth, soothing voice asks as a hand comes up to stroke my hair out my face."Yeahh" I breathe into the pillow."Do you want to call the cops?""No, no cops""Okay" he responds."Thank you" I whisper just before sleep takes over me.What did you think? Please Review. Chapter 2 tomorrow! :) 
