Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all Twilight charactersEveryday I dreaded going to school.My alarm was set at 5:15 a.m. and I never managed to make it to school before the bell rang.Most of the time I spent it staring at my own reflection on the mirror.Pretty big lips, light brown eyes.My mother always tells me that I'm beautiful, that she doesn't know how a boys not always knocking on the front door asking for her permission to take me out on a cute, romantic date. I simply roll my eyes at her and scoff.The last thing that boys want to do with me is be in a relationship with, and the last thing that I need in my life is for a boy to end up breaking my heart."Bella." My mother's voice calls behind the closed door. "You're going to be late again.""Coming!" I yell back.Stripping out of my clothes I take a quick shower and as always, am sure to squirt a good amount of strawberry shampoo into my hair so that I'll be smelling like it throughout the whole day. Once I'm finished, I stand naked in front of my closet with the window open so that the air dries my body. Contemplating my choices between a red skin, tight halter dress and a baby blue crop top with a short jean skirt, a familiar face flashes through my mind and I smile, yanking off the dress from its hanger and put it on. I finish off the outfit with fishnets and black platform boots and grab a jean jacket to tie it around my waist. My hair is already drying up and is a wild mess of curls on top of my head. Since I never wear red lipstick with red clothes on I skip onto doing my eyeliner and add a bit of mascara and clear lip-gloss and pinch my cheeks for a natural blush."Isabella Swan! Will you come down here already!"I grab my bag and retro shades from my desk and sprint down the stairs. My mother's lips are pursed as she takes in my outfit but like always, never says anything."I'll be working late tonight. Tell Martha to cook some lasagna up for dinner will you?" She's quick to kiss my cheek. "Oh! And I almost forgot, it's your father's birthday today. He reminded me last week to have you call him before six this afternoon and while you're at it make sure to tell him to send you some money. Okay?"I nod and she places another kiss on my forehead.We walk out of the house together and part ways at the driveway."Bye sweetie! I love you!"I wave to her as she gets on her car to leave. Gizmo wraps herself around my leg, alerting me of her presence and cries into the silent morning begging for attention. I pick her up and pet her head as she purrs with satisfaction. "Bye mother." I mutter under my breath.***Little Girl***
