Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, Stephenie Meyer does. No copyright infringement is intended, and I am not making any financial gain from this, either.Prologue"Fuck."The young girl cursed into the raven phone in her hand, uncontrollable anxiety building up inside her as another daringly loud thump-ing noise echoed from the other side of the heavy wooden door. Instinctively crouching behind the sophisticated, king-size bed and allowing the soft black fabric of her long velvet dress to cover her almost entirely, the rate of her fear-driven heartbeats increased by the millisecond. The sound of a subtle, childlike smile was audible from the other line, but she did not care. Momentarily, her mind was occupied with other, more essential problems and questions. One in particular repeated itself in her head endlessly, haunting her until her anxiety had all but vanished while the thumps grew more and more frequent, threatening; leaving behind naught but pure and simply panic.How could it have come to this?That moment, her panic was replaced entirely by dreadful, morbid realization. In retrospect, the girl thought, she preferred the irrational state of panic.As much as it hurt, the girl realized then, he had left her unprotected. One moment of navity, resulting in a total of two lifes of tragedy."Ruby, I love you" she whispered, hoping that her words would be heard.She had just opened her mouth to continue her speech when, with a loud crack, the door was thrown of its hinges, followed by a clang as the piece of wood hit the flooring. The phone fell out of her hand in terror.Silence.When curiosity finally got the better of her, ever so slowly did the girl raise her head, stopping dead in her tracks once her eyes were able to get even the smallest of glimpses. There, hovering in the doorway, stood two cloaked figures who could not, physically at least, have been any more different. A slender girl on the left and an athletic man to her right, all that her attackers shared were their deadly crimson irises, pale skin and maleficent smiles on their picturesque faces. At their feet lay a dismembered guard, head still halfway attached to his body in an unnatural angle.The girl did not even obtain enough time to scream  it was rather a yell that left her throat then, too short and too quiet to gain enough attention for help to come. The slender figure was by her side only an instant later, putting her fingers around her neck. The girl froze instantaneously as illumination hit her with full impact; she knew the girl, she realized. Involuntarily the memory of how they had been first introduced to each other played in her mind, how the girl had kindly bowed and smiled. And how now, this kind young girl had been replaced by a dark, sadistic one.But she did not possess enough time to inform the slender figure of her realization. Only milliseconds later, the girl was dragged up into the air, and then forced to crash into the meter away wall. A loud clunk was audible as the girl's head hit the plaster, and with it the girl succumbed into subconsciousness."Your sister" the athletic one, husky-voiced, told the person on the other line meanwhile, a sadistic quality to his voice, "is as good as dead. Forget her. This conversation never happened."And with that, crashing the phone into pieces in his stone-hard hands, the figures in perfect synchronization readjusted their cloaks, leaving with the unconscious girl in arm shortly later.The young girl had been wrong. Not two, but a total of seven lifes would irrevocably change for the worse due to this incident.Author's Note: This story is the third installment in the 'A Dead Girl's Demise' series. Its focus lies on in detail descibing the eleven days of Amber's days with Vladimir and Cora, the intermezzo with Phoebe and what comes after. In case you have not read The Story of Ruby Brown, it is crucial for the understanding of this companion story.Also, as can be seen from the rating, this story is not suitable for younger children and/or the faint of heart. You have been warned.Any opinions?
