Just a few quick side notes.-There is no Renesme in the story. Jacob imprinted on a girl on the rez after new moon.-I don't own twilight or wife swap.Cullen Family"Esme, You can't be serious!""You can't just leave us!""Absolutely not.""What if Bella kills the human!"These were the shouts the filed the Cullen household after Esme told her adopted children the news. "Enough." Carlisle says in his usual calm and composed manner. "Me and Esme have talked this through and we feel like it is an excellent way to spread our views to another family, and it definitely wouldn't hurt for you all to adopt some new ideals.""But a wife swap? Is that really the best way to adopt new ideals?" Edward asks with a raised eyebrow, he was confused about how his adopted parents managed to keep this secret from him."Edwards right." Jasper tunes in. "And besides, I'm an one hundred and one year old war veteran. What could I possibly learn from some perky blonde house wife from Burbank?"This of course causes another Cullen family screaming session, each vampire in the room trying to make their opinion on the matter known."What made you think bringing a random human in here would be okay, Considering Bella's state?" Edward demands."I'm not a child Edward!" Bella hisses. "But honestly Carlisle, Vampirism is not going to be the easiest thing to hide from some woman entering my home.""Bella, honey, it will be fine. We managed to keep our secret for nearly a century. I don't think it will be so hard to do for one measly month." Esme says to her daughter in law."To be fair, I'm pretty sure that Bella figured it out in a month." Emmett says , even though he was only half listening to the conversation. He was much more interested in the football game on TV.""Well Bella was a special case." Carlisle says with a sigh. "Look. We already signed the paper work, So I suggest you all make yourselves human by Friday, Because that's when the cameras are coming."Carlisle's tone was soft, but his face told his children that they didn't have a choice.Grudgingly the Cullen's all separated to go make themselves more...human.Davis family"In Jesus name we pray. Amen." Frank Davis says and the rest of his family chorus with a unanimous 'amen'.For a few minutes the only sounds that fill the kitchen are forks clanking on plates. The silence is interrupted by Frank clearing his throat. His wife and three kids look up at him inventively."I'm sorry to interrupt your meals," He says formally. "But I think it will be a good time to discuss the upcoming changes occurring to our house holds." He said it was a discussion but all of his children, even the four year old, knew that they would have very minimal part in this conversation."I think that it goes without saying that the three of you," He slowly looks at his children. First his fifteen year old son, Anthony, then his nine year old daughter,Elizabeth, and finally his four year old son, Mathew. "Had better be on your best behaviors.""Thats right. I've seen this show, so the family is probably going to be the opposite of us. That poor woman probably only has one child who is completely out of control, and her and her absent husband probably live in a run down rat infested home. The last thing she needs is for you three to act as if you don't know the rules of the house! Do you understand me?""Yes ma'am." They say quietly. Even if they didn't greet they still would have to say that. Their parents didn't really care about their feelings. Frank always told them, He and Kathryn are the king and queen at the house, they make the rules and the children should obey them whether they are right or not.So, I know the chapter is short but the next one will be longer I promise.
