Coin TossSummary: Kathryn Blake is a powerful witch and she knows it. She is the daughter of the Blake's, most powerful family line of light magic and the Black's, a family gifted with dark magic. She is a coin stuck mid flip, unable to land till her seventeenth birthday on which the fates will decide if she'll be a good little witch or join the dark side. R&R;!A/N: Okay so, this is my first story with actual chapters so if you could keep the flames to a minimum... Thanks.Kathryn's POV"Things will get better you know.""Grams, please. Don't bother with the 'everything will be okay crap talk.'" I sighed, "She was my anchor. The only thing on this earth that could stop me from going dark and he killed her for it. So, no; everything is not okay and it's never going to be okay.""Come on now Jellybean, you know that the fates work in strange ways," she replied."I thought we agreed you wouldn't call me that." I replied trying to hide a smile."Well, Jellybean," she said emphasizing that dreadful nickname. "You should've let me finish my 'everything will be okay crap talk' and maybe you wouldn't be in this situation." she said with a smirk.I rolled my eyes at her and looked through the car window.Forks, Washington was the kind of town you didn't even know existed till you had to live there. It was named after a utensil for god's sakes.And on top of the downright depressing amount of rain in this one town, everything was green. I hated the color green.Why you say? At seventh birthday party, mom was spinning me around as expected before one went after a piata but I didn't stop spinning. I went around and around and around and I was so unbelievably dizzy that I felt the need to empty everything from the cereal -fruit loops- that morning to Domino's pizza at said party.And all this food that came flying out of me- was a nasty mix of green.I didn't have birthday party's after that.I was broken out of my thoughts when Grams pulled into the driveway of her (ours now) two story house.It was simple and homey looking. Everything my mom and I's flat in the city wasn't."Well," she started sarcastically "are you just going to sit there and look at it or are you coming?"I rolled my eyes again and replied, "Ha, you should be a comedian." Before stepping out of the car and to the open trunk to grab my two suitcases.Grams went locked the car and walked to the front door, unlocking it and leaving it open for me before disappearing into the house.I walked up the four steps to the front porch and through the house before dropping my suitcases."Grams" I called, "Where's my room?""Go up the stairs and it's the door right in front of you." She said as she appeared from what looked to be the kitchen."That's not very responsible Grams, what if a gunman was to come running into this house and up those stairs? He would go straight for my room.""Well if you want to sleep in the garage be my guest." She replied with a smile."What if you run me over?""I just might." She said in a threatening voice but I could tell she was trying not to laugh."Noted." I said as I ran up the stairs.My room had grey walls that made me instantly think of the smoke from a fire. A large bed piled with pillows waited for me on the side opposite the door. After examining the rest of my room, I went back down stairs to the kitchen right as Grams took out lasagna from the oven."Is that your secret recipe lasagna?" I asked mouth already watering at the smell."Mmmm." She hummed."Can I have some?""Absolutely not. I just want you to look at it." In the most serious tone I'd ever heard from her.I glared at her and turned my eyes back to the lasagna. Oh lord, there was so much cheese. My stomach grumbled at the thought, all I'd had today was a granola bar and a black coffee from Speedway."We have guests coming over, so until they're here... you're out of luck.""I've been out of luck for a while now." I replied sullenly."Oh my fates!" she sighed. "Let it go child, her death was not your fault."I didn't say anything, and I didn't have to she already knew what I thought. And just as she was about to argue with me again, the doorbell rang.I had new appreciation for the term 'saved by the bell'.She walked over and answered fixing her hair and straightening her shirt as she went. Interesting, I'll have to talk to her later about that."Hey Billy. Hello Jacob. Come on in." she greeted opening the door."Thanks Ana," said a gruff yet smooth voice. I had a feeling he was good at story telling."Hey there." Said a younger but equally enchanting voice."Hi, you must be Kathryn." Said Billy after wheeling himself into the kitchen followed by Grams followed by Jacob."I must be." I replied to which he laughed."Just like you grandma, huh?""Is that a compliment or an insult?" I continued our banter, smiling."You stop now or you're not getting fed." Grams interrupted with her hands on her hips.That shut us up."Go on to the dining room, I'll get the plates." She said."Do you want any help?" I asked."Nope.""Okay." And I followed Billy out.In no time, Grams was at the table and everyone had gotten a slice of lasagna (or three in Jacob's case but I wasn't judging.)"Alright, before we start I'd like to say a blessing." As she said the sage and a lit candle appeared in her hands.I started choking on my water. She told them! Oh fates, the humans know what we are."Grams, kitchen, NOW." I breathed out, but from the crinkle in her forehead, she heard me."Excuse us, Billy."She calmly walked to the kitchen, while I ran out of there like my ass was on fire."What the hell?!" I scream-whispered. "Grams, you can't perform magic in front of humans."She rolled her eyes at me and bit her lip, "Well then I suppose it's a good thing they're not exactly human...""Oh," I replied, and paused for effect "then what exactly are they?""Werewolves." She said nervously."For the millionth time, we are shape-shifters! Not werewolves." Jacob's voice intruded."I don't think now's the time to correct me Jacob," she screamed back.Suddenly everything was spinning and my last thought was not again.And then I fainted.What do you think?This is Werewolf/OC. You choose the wolf (not Embry or Quil or Sam or Jared though). And no matter what there will be Bella bashing.
