Stephenie Meyer owns all characters in this story.Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia - 481 people.BPOV, 15 years of age."Bella?"I closed my eyes and sighed. I put my bookmark in place and set it down on the small table beside my bed.I walked out of my tiny bedroom and out into the kitchen that wasn't much bigger. Charlie was looking through the cupboards, cursing under his breath as some cans came tumbling down and almost landed on his bare toes."What?" I crossed my arms and leaned against the wall. He looked up at me as he bent down to retrieve the fallen food. He groaned as he stood back up with the cans piled in his arms."I need you to go to the grocery store to get two loaves of bread and some mac 'n' cheese. Some soup would be nice, too." He turned away and started stacking the cans back. My hands tightened into fists and I ground my teeth together. He can't do that himself?I rolled my eyes. Do it, and he won't freak out. "Can I have some money?""I thought you had a job," he said as he shut the cupboards and started walking into the small living room. He fell back onto the old green couch and flicked on the pitiful thing that was called a TV."Yeah, but I want to save that money up," I stated. I stood in front of him, but not in front of the television. It made me shiver just thinking of how he would blow his top if I stood in front of the small screen.He sighed obnoxiously and looked up at me, his mustache already starting to twitch. I swallowed, but kept my face blank so he couldn't see the panic welling up inside of me."I mean, you gave me money all the other times," I said quietly, fiddling my fingers together in front of me as he looked back to the TV and leaned back more."You have a job. You have money," he said while stroking his mustache. He looked up at me and raised his eyebrows. "Use it."It was hard not to snap at him as I turned sharply and walked back to my room. I took deep breaths to calm myself as I shoved my hand under my mattress and grabbed onto some money. I pulled back and looked down at the $30 in my hand."Don't take too long. I'm hungry!" He called as I made my way up the creaking wooden steps and opened the door. A light breeze instantly moved my hair behind me as I stepped up onto the wooden floor of the boat, it swaying slightly with the waves. I ignored the wooden plank down to the ground, and instead jumped over the railing and onto the pier. People looked over, but I ignored them as I walked down and toward the grocery store that wasn't that far away.For being the beginning of August, it was still pretty cold when the ocean was only a few steps away. I pulled my sleeves down from my elbows and kept my arms crossed over my chest as I took long strides so I could get this done and over with. I just wanted to lay in bed and read. That's all I ever do anyway. Sketch something too, maybe.It took about 20 minutes to get to the store. I got a basket and threw in some mac 'n' cheese, two loaves of bread, and some soup. I swung the basket back and forth as I headed toward the checkout.I didn't look at them, but from the corner of my eyes, it was easy to see the looks I was getting. I didn't know that wearing destroyed sneakers, jeans teared at the knees, and a man's plaid shirt was so eye-catching. It was hard not to go up to each person and tell them to fuck off and mind their own god damn business. Staring isn't nice."Is this all for you today?" The cashier asked in probably the most bored tone that I have ever heard. I ignored it and looked over my shoulder at the chocolate bars that seemed to be taunting me. How rude.I smiled tightly at her blank face and reached behind me, grabbing the Kit Kat and placing it on the counter. She bagged it all and handed the two of them to me."Have a good evening." And then I was gone to face the sunset. That was the only good thing as I made my way home. Now I swung the bags back and forth as I stared down at the ground and my ugly sneakers.The sound of someone shaking a spray paint bottle made me stop and look over into the dark alley where the sound came from. It was three guys, all of them having two spray paint bottles in their hands as they shook them. The biggest of them stepped up to the wall and started spraying the brick wall, chuckling at what one of the other guys said. I hope he actually makes something instead of squiggles and just absolutely nothing.Lucky for them that no one was around other than me or they would be in some pretty deep shit right now. Everyone was heading home for supper at this time. That thought reminded me of what I was supposed to be bringing home. I started walking. I wish I had a watch or something."Hey! Hey, you! Stop!" I froze and whipped around. One of the guys in the alley came around the corner, only one bottle in his hand now. He had on teared jeans, dirty runners, and a white shirt that seemed like the only clean thing on him. Even the dark purple beanie on his head had paint splotches on it.He didn't look like a nice person at all. The stubble on his jaw helped a lot with that dangerous look. I curled my fingers tighter around the bags and booked it as he started jogging toward me. He was much taller and bigger than me. Older, too."No, no! I'm not gonna hurt you! Just stop running!" That made me run even faster. Of course someone would say that if they did actually want to hurt you. I contemplated dropping the bags, but Charlie would never understand if I came home empty-handed. I may not have a choice...Just drop the bags! He looks skinny and hungry, so just drop the damn bags. I listened to my thoughts and dropped the bag with the cans of soup in it. I couldn't help myself as I reached my hand into the other bag and took my Kit Kat out.I dropped that bag and I sped up and zipped around the corner. I panted and looked back as the guy came skidding around the corner only seconds after me. He was picking up speed and was getting closer. It felt like my heart was going to come up my throat and out of my mouth."I'm not going to hurt you!" He shouted louder. No one was around to hear or witness what was going on. I looked back one more time now that we faced the setting sun. My neck got sore as I stared longer.Green. His eyes were green, and they were the nicest color green I've ever seen. It almost made me want to stop and face him. His eyes were the only things that made him look kind of nice...He came to a halt and his chest heaved. I was no longer able to even see his eyes as I got farther and farther away. That made me able to look forward once again and race back home, the Kit Kat melting in my grip.Now I could only think about Charlie and what he would think.A/N: Thank you for reading and please review your thoughts on it. Updates will be every day unless real life gets in the way like I'm sure it will!
