Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight, not me.A/N: This story will be in point of view because it is easier for me that way.Bella's POVI was lying on the forest floor staring up at the stars when I heard someone whisper my name just loud enough for me to barely hear but I heard it. "Bella." the voice whispered again so I got up and looked around but all I saw was the darkness of the night. Then I saw a white blur go across the clearing and into the forest and I knew there was only one thing that could move that fast, Vampires."Bella, Come to me." the voice whispered again and I wasn't sure who it could be."Look, I don't know who you are but if you're a friend of Victoria's then I'm sorry to say she's dead. If you're a friend of Edward's then you can tell him that if he wants to talk to me he should come to me himself not send his friends to do his dirty work." I said aloud to whoever was out there."I'm no friend of Victoria's nor Edward's but you know who I am. I have protected you in the battle against Victoria and I am not a wolf. Come to me Bella, see for yourself." they whispered again.I cautiously followed the voice as whoever it was continued to whisper my name, if they weren't a friend of Victoria's and they weren't a friend of Edward's but they weren't a wolf either then who were they and how did they protect me against Victoria and her army of newborns?I had no idea but right now I just wanted to find out who they were and why this was happening so I followed them."Who are you? Are you from the Volturi? Is that why you've come? Are you going to kill me because I'm still human and I know too much? Go ahead, you'd be doing me a favor since I'm obviously not good enough for Edward to change me and I hate being human so kill me now and get it over with." I explained and I heard a deep growl."I am NOT Volturi and I would never hurt you like that, Edward wants you to stay human so he has someone to protect but why should you have to rely on him to protect you or anyone for that matter when you can protect yourself. You could if you were one of us anyway. You want to know who I am? Well come to me and find out, I will not hurt you Bella." they said and that was safe enough for me so I went to whoever this was.I saw the vampire, a female dressed all in white and she was just standing there waiting for me but she had her back to me so I couldn't see her face.I walked over to her and stopped when I was right behind her. I put my hand on her shoulder and I was about to turn her around to see her face but she was gone."Looking at a fairytale." she whispered cryptically.I jolted awake wondering what the hell just happened because that was a seriously weird dream and who the hell was this vamp chick? I didn't know."Hey Bells, Alice and Esme are here to see you." Charlie called from outside my bedroom door."Oh uh yeah okay, I'll be down in a minute or two. I just woke up so..." I trailed off."Okay I'll tell'em" Charlie said. "NO! I mean you don't have tell them that, I don't want them to think I'm some lazy slacker besides they already know." I said without thinking."What do you mean they already know?" Charlie asked and I mentally kicked myself for being so careless. "Nothing dad. I'm just not awake yet and I'm talking nonsense because I'm half asleep thats all so nevermind." I lied hoping I sounded convincing."Makes sense, see ya down here." Charlie replied and I heard his heavy footsteps as he went back downstairs.A minute later I finished getting dressed and went downstairs to greet my guests. There, standing at the foot of the stairs were two people I was so happy to see."Hey guys, I missed you." I said and both Esme and Alice smiled silently saying they missed me too.
