I do not own Twilight. Its all Stephanie Meyers works.Chapter 1BPOVAre you okay sweetheart? My mother asked meI am perfectly fine , Mom. I'm already in Seattle. See you tomorrow night for dinner?Yes, see you tomorrow and remember that there are so many people who loves you. My mother saidI knew that Mom. Gotta go. Love youLove you too, sweetheart.I made my way to my waiting car when a bunch of paparazzi hounded me.Ms. Swan, what can you say about? Ms. Swan! Ms. Swan!I put on my earbuds and listen to my favorite song. I ignored them all and got inside the car.Seth, please drive me to my office. I informed my driverYes, Ms. Swan.Seth, my name is BellaSorry, Ms.. Bella. Are you okay Ms. Bella?I'm fine Seth just tired from myRing..ring..Yes, Rosalie? I asked my sisterAre you Okay, Bella?Yes, I'm perfectly fine. The trip was fine and I'm already in Seattle. I'm on my way to the officeIf you're sureI'm fine. I cut her off.Are you still coming to fashion show?I forgot all about that. Yes, of course I'm still going because I promised Alice i'll be there.If you're sure. and Emmet is coming to the Ball tonight. He is catching a flight today. Love you sis!Emmet is my sister's husband and the Chicago's DALove you too RoseI am fine. Why the hell they keep asking if I'm okay?I am Bella Swan, founder of Swans Hotels. I started the hotel with my sister Rosalie without too much money after we graduated from college. Now, we have hotels scattered in America. I am perfectly fine with my life. I have a very handsome fiance Jacob Black. What more could I ask for?Now that she mentioned about the fashion show. I dialed Alice's number. My bestfriend and my favorite designerBella! How are you coping up? Are you Okay? Where are you ? Bella,Ali, I'm fine and I'm on my way to my office and I'm in Seattle already. What's all the question? I'm only gone for 2 days and you can question me tonight. See you tonight and good luckOk. ButAli, I called to remind you about my dress for tonight's show. Can you drop it to my house?Of course, Bella. You will be the most beautiful in my dress and everyone who will see you will not be sorry for you. I will make sure you will outshine them all and that scumbag will cry his heart out for doing this to you. And if I see himAli, what are you talking about? And who is this scumbag?Bella, have you seen the paper today?No, I just landed from New York. Clear to enlighten me?I will see you at your office , Bella. I don't want to talk about it through phone.Fine. I'm on my way. Bye!Seth, do you have a paper for today?Yes, Ms. Bella. ButGive me the paper, Seth.Here, Ms. Bella as he handed me the paperI scanned the paper for any news in the society page. And then I saw the picture of me..TROUBLE IN PARADISE?Isabella Marie Swan daughter of former supermodel Renee Swan and owner of Swans Hotels is jilted by his fiance Jacob Black, son of Senator Billy Black.Just a month ago that the engagement of Jacob and Isabella was announced through Seattle's society. Yesterday the reporter from E! spotted Jacob Black in Bahamas with Tanya Denali, a model from Victoria's Secret, sporting a wedding ring on their right finger. We had a report from the local that the two got married in Bahamas.Tonight is the Fashion show of her bestfriend Alice Brandon and Ms. Isabella Swan is expected to attend the event. Is Isabella Swan just got dumped?
