Set after Edward's departure. After two months of Bella's spiraling depression, Charlie has decided that Bella is not safe to be left home alone while he is at work and she is on Christmas Break. What will Charlie do? Will Bella and Jacob find their way to each other and to their rightful place?A/N  This is my first fan fic so please be kind and bear with me. I do not have a Beta so all my errors are my own. If anyone would like to Bata for me, and help me wrangle my grammar, I would welcome any help. Lastly  I do not own Twilight and make no money from this.PrologCPOV"I just don't know what to do Billy. She goes to school and her homework is done but it's like she is just going through the motions. There is no spark, no life in her eyes." I sigh out of frustration looking for wisdom in my coffee cup as the diner noise buzzes in the background hardly noticed. My baby girl came home to me last year and now she is a no more than a husk of herself. I have failed once again as a father. I raise my eyes to meet my oldest friends' and I see my grief reflected back to me. "It has been TWO MONTHS since that son of a bitch left her out in the woods and she is worse now than she was and so are her nightmares. What I would give to run in to him in a dark alley with an untraceable gun."Billy snorts at that with a shake of his head. "Now what would the taxpayers say if they heard you talking like that Chief?""If they have a daughter I'd expect they would offer up more ammo. I'm afraid to leave her home alone while I'm at work. She has almost 3 weeks of vacation coming up. Maybe I should send her to her mother. I've obviously done such a bang up job as her Dad."He cut me off shaking his head and giving me his best Wise Old Indian impression "No that would be a mistake Old Man. Renee loves Bella I'm sure; but she is to flighty for what she needs. Bring her to my house for vacation. She will get a change of scenery and away from all the daily reminders of him. She can have the twin's room. It's just sitting there and you can use some good sleep too. You can come over for dinner and lunch each day if you want""I can't ask that of you and Jacob. She screams every night until I can wake her up from those damn nightmares. And then she won't even talk about them."I shake my head in refusal."I will take care of her Charlie. She is a daughter to me." The silverware rattles on the table when Billy smacked his hand down. "Damn it I'm her Godfather! If getting away from constant reminders will help her let me do it!"I take a deep breath and slowly let it out "Alright we'll try it. If it gets to be to be to much promise me you will let me know.""Yea yea I promise." He smiles like I have just given the greatest gift. I hope he still feels the same when this is all said and done.
