The One that got away"you dick , fuck where did he come from. c'mon he is totally sniping, looser" were the mumbles I could here from the other room, I smiled turning back to the shower and reaching for the shampoo. 2 and half years we had been together . once total enemies who became perfect for one another.Edward was my life line . we have been together since we were 15 but had been best friends before hand. he was my first boyfriend and my first love. and I wouldn't change him for the world.after washing my hair and body, I walked out of the bathroom and proceeded to get ready for work."I should finish at 5 do you want me to stop by on my way home?" I asked him while putting the last few items into my handbag." I'm going to see my cousin seen as I haven't seen him in a while so wont be here" he replied with a quick glance in my direction.I hid the disappointment and made my way over to him and gave a little kiss on his cheek then headed to the door" ok have fun, love you" I all but shouted before slamming it shut.that conversation was 2 weeks ago, now I stand in his room with my back to him crying while he explains why he doesn't love me anymore " I'm sorry Bella I truly am. but wouldn't you rather I be honest then live a lie and hurt you later on?" he all but whispers the hurt evident in his voice . he couldn't even touch me. Not even hold me to stop the tears, instead staring at his feet while I dropped to the floor, all of this was too much. after about an hour the tears stopped, we just sat on the floor opposite one another letting the pain and silence surround us. words wouldn't help and we both knew that so not a noise was made.In the end he walked me home, held my hand and tried to act as if everything was ok ,though he wasn't fooling either of us. once we got the my estate i told him to go but he grabbed hold of my hand tighter and proceeded to my street, once we were at my driveway he pulled me close to him and whispered "goodnight cookie" then placed a kiss on my forehead and walked away.After that night our relationship or whatever is was then took a turn for the worse, we tried to be friends but just acted as fuck buddies, we tried to just text but jealousy grew strong and that had to stop. in the end We both had so much anger that had built up over time that we aimed at one another seeing who could hurt the other more. love turned to poison in a matter of time and our heart we made of stone. Hate now stood where love once had before. and time passed.Now 4 months later we were just strangers with memories. Every item of us that I had was either binned or packed in a box and put in the garage, you know the saying 'out of sight, out of mind'Now I am not model. With a fat and short body, pale skin and brown hair, I knew my chances of finding someone else were slim if not impossible. So after I got out of the gutter, I started gym again, walked the dogs every night tried to eat healthier and cut down on the portions.Work became my favourite place having something to keep my mind off of the stuff going on at home , I adored everyone there. they became my support system and my best friend kept me going when I just wanted to curl up and die. she would call me for about 2 hours everyday even when we saw each other at work just to chat and bitch.I became a normal 18 year old and partied at the weekends.After 4 months I actually started to enjoy single life , the freedom , recovered old friendships that I had lost when I went to college. My best friend from school asked for my help and I did, therefore fixing our old friendship, She was instrumental in my recovery also.I was finally happy again and I promised myself I would never let someone repeat one he had done to me. Never would I let the emptiness overwhelm me once more!I continued to make progress in life I finished my last year of college leaving with DMM and getting into Liverpool university where I studied animal behaviour.After that I got an apprenticeship as a veterinary nurse and got offered a permanent job there .My life was exactly where I wanted it to be at the age of 24.But that was all about to change.
