Hey Everyone!New Story that popped into my head!I don't own twilight and all that other good jazz. But the personalities are mine, and Paradise belongs to me!WARNING!This story surrounds a Brothel sort of place. For those of you who do not know what a Brothel is, it is a house or other place where a person pays to have sexual intercourse or in the case of this story other activities as well.This DOES NOT reflect my personal opinion and is simply a work of fiction! If you don't like this sort of thing, DON'T READ IT!Now Happy Reading!Chapter One: A Cheater and A LiarEdward POV Standing in the jewelry store I held the wedding bands that Leah and I picked out a month ago. In just two days we'd be married and my life would never be the same again. I grinned at the thought.Leah and I had been together for almost four years now. I finally popped the question four months ago, and was the happiest man on the damn planet when she said yes. I worried she was going to say no because of how long it had taken me to ask.I had just turned thirty and realized I wasn't getting any younger. More like my mother couldn't wait to point it out and say it was time for me to make Leah an honest woman.Leah and I were a good fit and I didn't see me spending my life with anyone else."Is it what you requested, Mr. Masen?" the jeweler asked seeing that I hadn't answered her the first time she asked."Yeah, perfect," I said reading the engraving I had added to Leah's ring.Perfect Fit"She's one lucky woman.""Naw  I'm the lucky one," I replied snapping the box closed and then handing the jeweler my credit card to make the final payment. I checked the time on my watch and knew I needed to be back to work soon.I had a class to teach in another hour.I was an Economics professor at Georgetown University here in Washington DC. I was fairly young to be professor, but I knew more about economics than someone twice my age.I met Leah when I first moved out here to DC to teach at Georgetown. She was my student when we first met, but she dropped my class when I told her I don't date my students.I drove home wanting to drop the rings off before I headed into work. The last thing I needed was to lose them two days before the wedding. I pulled into the apartment garage and saw Leah's car.I was surprised she was home because I knew she was usually at her yoga class about this time. I pulled the ring box out of my pants pocket and slipped it into my suit jacket. I headed straight up to our apartment and was surprised to hear music blasting from the apartment."Edward, thank goodness you are home," Mrs. Poplar, our neighbor said rushing out of her apartment. I was going to guess she was looking out of her peephole."How are you, Mrs. Poplar?""Miserable  music has been blasting out of your apartment for the last hour non-stop.""I'm sorry; I'll go in and turn it down.""Thank you," she snapped slamming her door in my face. I wasn't sure what was up with the loud music coming from the apartment, but I guess I was getting ready to find out. I unlocked the apartment door and was instantly hit with the smell candles burning.Walking further into the apartment I closed the door behind me. I looked down when I realized that I stepped on something. I picked it up and saw that it was Leah's sports bra. Confused, I continued seeing more articles of clothing all over the floor.Piece by piece, I picked them up from the floor and started to grow pissed off when I noticed men's clothing mixed with hers."Leah!" I shouted over the music but got no answer. I stormed toward the bedroom and was grateful I didn't find her in our bed. Then I heard it, her moans coming from the bathroom.I walked to the bathroom door and heard the shower running. "Yeah, take it, baby, you like when I fuck you like this don't you," I heard a deep voice say over the sound of the running shower."Yes!""Your stuck up fianc don't make you feel this good, does he?""No, only you, baby," I heard her reply. Pissed, I slammed the bathroom door open causing the both of them to scream. I yanked the shower curtain back and looked at the both of them.I was sick to my fucking stomach as I looked at her hiding behind this jackass."Who the hell are you?""Her stuck up fianc," I said glaring at Leah. "Or should I say ex.""Edward, I can explain.""What... you fell on his dick by accident! I want you the hell out of my place, Leah!""Hey man, no need to yell at the lady," the jackass said. My anger boiled over and I punched him knocking him the hell out. Leah screamed as he fell back against her."I want you the hell out of my apartment, Leah. If you're here when I come back, you'll regret it," I said before turning and walking out of the bathroom. I didn't bother looking back because I knew if I did I was liable to put my hands on her and hitting a woman was something I would never do.Even if she deserved it.Sitting in my car I looked at the rings and wondered how the jewelry store felt about returns. I'd even take store credit and buy my mother and sister something instead. I slapped my hand down on the steering wheel trying to figure out how I became the guy whose fucking fiance cheated on him.My cell rang and I saw that it was my best friend, Carlisle calling. I sent him to voicemail not in the mood to talk to anyone.How the hell was I supposed to go teach a class now?What do you think so far?You'll get to meet Bella next chapter. Which I'll post tonight as well. I am only posting the two chapters tonight, and nothing again until Monday. Please leave me your thoughts!
