An: Yes. Another story. This one is a genderbending one too. Triton and Bella are the same except for the obvious god and human thingy. This story is major au, if no entirely a different league but what can you do?. Anyway, I hope you like this one.Pairings: Rosalie x Triton, Emmett x Artemis, Alice x Jasper, Apollo x Tanya, Esme x Carlisle, Garrett x Kate, Irina x Laurent.And one more thing. Here are the actors who the characters look a bit like, there are a few changes but you know:Triton: Chris hemsworthArtemis: Katie Cassidy, Imagine her blond and blue eyed.Apollo: Alexander Ludwig.Poseidon: Luke EvansZeus: Luke GossThe cullens all have their normal actors and looks.-x-x-x-x-Summary: Triton is the son of Poseidon, after dishonoring his father he gets sent to the mortal world where he is to learn his lesson as a human teenage boy which never ages. Apollo and Artemis are sent to watch him since life on Olympus bored them and Zeus wished to keep them away from Hera's wrath. For 1000 years they wandered all over the world until they settle in a small town in Washington called Forks, where they meet the Cullens.-x-x-x-Chapter 1: Exile and hello forks.-year 1013 AD-Triton sighed as his father went into another of his anger fits over his son sleeping with the water nymphs. Poseidon was known for cheating on his wife, Tritons mother but gods forbid that his son slept around. When Poseidon noticed that his son was not listening it only seemed to infuriate him more and he finally snapped."I give up! You wont learn your lesson and never listen to me. You are not fit to rule over the seas with me. I, Poseidon, son of Kronos, Cast you out until the day which you redeem yourself to me. You will be immortal stuck in a teenagers body with only half of your powers." Poseidon said shocking Triton who then started trying to negotiate with his father as he felt his powers being taken away from him and his body changing slightly into a teenaged version of himself.Then with a point of his fathers trident his own flew into his fathers hand and then Triton felt a strong current blow him out of the palace under the sea and wash him up at the top of Olympus where Zeus was waiting for him along with his father. He saw his cousins Apollo and Artemis waiting to the side."Apollo and Artemis have volunteered to go with you so you will not be alone." Poseidon said and Triton looked at his cousins who looked bored."But how do I prove myself?" Triton asked and Poseidon smirked."That is for you to find out." He said as he waved his hand and Triton suddenly felt like he was falling and he landed in the sea with his cousins, where they were saved by a fishing boat near England. They explained to the fishermen that they were survivors of a pirate attack and they bought the story and after asking their names which they decided to use different ones than their own.Apollo took the name Christian, son of no one while Artemis, who kept her name the same, was his wife since the fishermen were leering at her and Triton took the name Connor and he was Apollo's and Artemis's son.Once they reached land they found a safe place where they built a home and changed their looks, after awhile Triton was busy figuring out what his test was about Artemis and Apollo took care of the rest much to their annoyance. Eventually Triton gave up and just started living the life he had ahead of him now.-1000 years later, year 2013, Greece-Triton sighed as he walked back to the house he shared with his cousins after working at a bar most of the night. He had been for a thousand years in exile from his home, and he still didn't know what he had to do to redeem himself. After staying in the mortal world for 500 years he had given up hope of ever figuring it out. Some of the other gods did pop in to say hello every once in awhile and some even stayed for a few years but eventually everyone went back except for Artemis and Apollo.The world had changed a lot in those years, almost everyone in the world had forgotten about the greek gods and now worshiped a new god. Triton had seen so many changes that he was no longer able to be surprised. He had managed to get a few of his fake names stuck in history, mainly for victories in battles or other great things.He had changed his looks and his name more times than he could count and he knew it was soon time for them to move again since they were growing bored in Greece, their land was nice and there were many reminders of home. But they needed a change so they had decided a few days prior to move to the states, more specifically to Forks, WA.It was a small town and they were going to play the big sibling family act they had been doing for years now after the second world war.Triton would be Triton 'Connor' Swan while Apollo and Artemis would be Daniel 'Apollo' and Danielle 'Artemis' Swan, Tritons younger siblings which were twins. They planned on going to go through high school again much to Tritons annoyance and while he would be a Junior, Apollo and Artemis would be Sophomores.They had bought a large piece of land just outside the town and had a mansion personally designed and built for them with a tennis court, a football field which could be changed into a soccer field easily, baseball field, a small racing track and a track field around the football/soccer field, a shooting area for guns and bows and a training area for swords and everything else they could want or need including a 10 car garage with all the mechanic equipment that Triton could want to mess with their cars to make them faster. He loved racing.They were loaded with money since they spent minimum amount over the years and had houses in different countries. They were planning on being nice to themselves this time since it had been too long for them since they had been on Olympus and they did not care that it looked weird to move to a small poor town in the rainy part of Washington if they had so much.When Triton got home he saw his cousins waiting with the stuff packed away, the house had already been sold and the new owners would move in during the week while they would vanish into thin air like they never existed.After giving them a nod they vanished with a flash and appeared in front of their new house in Forks. Triton gave the house one look and grinned. It was just like they had ordered it. Artemis had sent the designer her own drawings and the designer just added a few details which finished the look.They quickly took their stuff inside and up to their own specially designed rooms. Triton's room had a large king sized bed with a comforter the color of the clear sea. The room was mostly themed in an ancient greek type of way with large open spaces and large windows. There was a large walk in closet which he filled with his clothes before walking into his personal bathroom which was like walking into a bath house in Rome with a large pool which was always full of fully clean, hot natural water. You could close the pool off and have a steam bath along with there being some tubes like in hot tubs which gave you a mini massage. There was also a built in waterfall which served as a shower head and always kept the pool full of clean water.After checking out his room he went to see the other two's rooms which were both themed in their own style, Apollo was the god of the sun and light so his room was bright and filled with music. Artemis was the goddess of the hunt so her room was forest themed with dark wood and green comforters and pillows. Triton was the son of the sea god so his room mostly was water themed.Their kitchen was large and was already fully stocked with anything they could desire, the living room had a large flatscreen, a ps3, x-box, dvd player, and a full game rack along with a pool table. There was also a music room, a room which only had a large inside swimming pool and some rooms for people to change clothes in if they wanted. Three extra bathrooms, a ballroom, three studies and a large library where their books were already stacked up. They had many books from all times of the world. Some they had written themselves about things that happened during their lifetimes. There was also a painted portrait of them with a few of the people they had met over the centuries on the walls which Artemis had already placed before they moved in.After checking out their new home Apollo called the school to enroll them for the new school year which was starting the next day, while Artemis cooked and Triton went into the garage to check on their cars.Triton had a blue Ford F-150 SVT Raptor with a custom ordered engine which allowed Triton to pass up into 250 miles per hour in just a few seconds, and a blue Ferrari spider which could go 280 miles per hour in just a few seconds and a blue kawasaki ninja 2013.Artemis had a dark red Dodge charger 2013 since she had crashed her old one which had been a dodge charger 1969. She also had a red kawasaki ninja 2013.Apollo simply had a yellow Ferrari california 2013.Neither Artemis nor Apollo liked speeding too much so they stuck to having normally fast cars while Triton kept to the more faster ones. Triton wiped a few spots of dust off his babies until Artemis called him for dinner. After dinner they decided to change their looks once more.Triton had already decided to go with his original look which was just the teenaged form of his normal look before he got banished. He had black hair which was short and naturally wild and he had a light stubble. His face was the perfection of a Greek god with a strong jaw line and his nose was perfectly straight, his eyes were the most noticeable thing about since they were sapphire blue. He had a natural tan which told of him being outside a lot and his build was athletic and muscular like a football player, he was 6'3 or 190.5cm.Artemis and Apollo chose their normal teenaged forms which had brown wild hair, blue eyes like Triton, athletic build in a runner type of way along with muscular and both stood at 6'1 or 185.5. They looked exactly the same except for the different genders, and sometimes spoke at the same time the same sentence since they did agree on some things.After changing their looks they took normal family photos which were then placed in frames, they changed their ages for each to make sure that it didn't just look like they had popped up from nowhere. They had already had new birth-certificates, driving licenses, medical files and passport made for their new identities. They were just the normal teenagers with parents that were always away and had moved to a small town since living in the big cities bored them.They came from old money and so did not need to worry about anything and since the gods on olympus had their own personal company in the mortal realm that they could claim as their family company then it was fool proof. After awhile they headed to bed since they had gotten into the school and would be starting tomorrow.-The next day-Triton sighed in relaxation as he scrubbed the sweat from the morning workout from his body. He could never study or work unless he had worked out in the morning to release any tension in his body. If he was tense, he could not focus, without focus then it was almost impossible for him to not be jumping off the walls.He was planning on trying out for the football team while Apollo was going to try out for soccer and Artemis for the track or swimming team. That way they would be able to get good college scholarships based on sports and then it would look normal as possible.After staying in the waterfall for a few minutes he got out of the shower and after drying off got dressed into a pair of cowboy jeans, some nike air sneakers and a black wife beater before pulling on his black leather jacket and his ring, it was a pure gold blue sapphire ring with an engraved trident in the sapphire. Only two of those rings existed and they belonged to him and his father. He then headed downstairs to eat breakfast with his cousins.Apollo was wearing camouflage cargo pants with biker boots and a black shirt with the sleeves rolled up to the elbow and his ring which was a yellow sapphire gold ring with the sun symbol engraved into it while Artemis was dressed into a pair of straight cut jeans with black high heels along with a black turtleneck and a gold ring with a green sapphire ring that had a bow engraved into it. They both gave him a sleepy hello making him chuckle. Neither of them were early risers unlike him and if anything disliked waking up sooner than 1pm.As they ate they stayed silent. Staying together for a thousand years had made them extremely close, more than before. The two had places in the court of Olympus while Triton was a minor god that did not belong there instead controlling his fathers kingdom which did not exactly make them able to get to know each other before except when Triton occasionally went to Olympus in his fathers place when Poseidon had been too busy.After eating they all poured into Tritons raptor and headed to school. Since it was a small town they were there in no time at all and with plenty of time to spare. The few students that were there were all whispering about who they could be, they heard a few take in sharp breaths since they were focusing their powers on making all of their 5 senses stronger so they knew what they would be dealing with."Do you see that chick? I'm going to land her I swear it." A baby faced blond boy said to his group of friends while the girls gossiped about Apollo and Triton."I think those are the new kids, you know the ones whose family bought the large land just outside town. The boys are sooo hot. I wonder if they are single." a girl with an annoying voice said making the boys cringe lightly."Man I feel sorry for the new kids, they will not get any peace from the horn dogs around here, though I must say that chick is hot." A loud voice boomed out.They then noticed the group of 9 teenagers standing at the end of the parking lot near two fancy cars. They immediately knew that they were vampires, they had come across a few of those in the years on earth including three of the group in front of them which were three blond women.Tanya, Kate and Irina, they had run across them in Slovakia not long after Tritons exile. They looked differently now of course and the vampires in front of them obviously did not realize who they were. They also noticed that their eye color was different from other vampires like the one they had met in volterra a few centuries ago, which was odd considering the last time they had met the three women they had red eyes but now they were gold. The three gods shrugged it off before both Apollo and Artemis grinned at Triton."It's your turn to get the schedules Triton, I did it last time and Apollo before that. Now walk that, I quote women that have spoken of you, sexy ass of your over to the office and try not to show off too much." Artemis says and Apollo chuckles."But-""No buts. The last time we allowed you to say but we ended up on doing it ourselves so no. Get moving. We don't wanna be late." Apollo sang lightly and Triton sighed before walking to the office with his head down in defeat. He could hear his cousins laughing at him the whole way along with the group of vampires.No one dared walk up to him since his body made him kind of intimidating to everyone around him and when he entered the office he could see the secretary checking him out. He smirked secretly and decided to mess with the woman slightly and took off his jacket before commenting on how hot the room was to himself and then walked up to the desk."Hello, My name is Triton 'Connor' Swan and I'm new here. I came to pick up mine and my sibling's schedules." Triton said giving the woman his best 'I'm just an innocent boy' smile which made all the women melt."A-ah yes. Well." The secretary said before pulling out their schedules along with some slips which she explained to him had to be signed by all of their teachers and returned at the end of the day to make sure that they got to all of their classes safely. She also handed him two maps of the school. "We made your siblings schedules match like you requested and you have lunch together along with Gym, we mix the ages in gym around here. I do hope you will have a good first day." The woman said and Triton thanked her before walking back out with his jacket slung over his shoulder and the papers in his other hand.He saw immediately that the vampires had surrounded his cousins which made him worried so he walked over to the group as fast as he could and pushed through the circle before taking a stand in front of his cousins who looked at him before explaining to him through their mind link that one of the vampires was accusing them of being supernatural.Triton simply handed his jacket and the papers to Artemis before turning to the vampire which stood closest to the three. He had bronze colored hair which looked like he had just had sex and just walked out of bed not bothering with the hair."You know, it isn't nice to pick on the new kids." Triton said lazily and sex-hair growled. "Oooh we have a growler, do you bark too? Want me to throw a stick for you like a dog?" Triton said faking extreme happiness and excitement at the mere thought, making the largest of the group laugh."Stop fooling around Triton." Artemis warned seeing as sex-hair was obviously losing control. "Look. We are just normal kids, I don't know what beef you have with me but you can go bully someone else." Artemis said."I can't read you and you look familiar so I demand you let me know why!." Sex-hair hissed and managed doing so to anger Triton. Triton stared at the vampire and started gathering all the water around them which was no lack of since it wasn't long since it rained last and had it gather in the sex-haired vampires pants near the crotch so it looked like he was slowly peeing himself.He then pointed at the obvious wetness. "Did you just pee yourself?!" He said loudly making everyone turn around and start laughing at the vampire who just got more enraged and stormed away before getting into a volvo which looked like a soccer moms car and speed away. Apollo was barely holding himself up he was laughing so hard while Artemis just shook her head with a smile.The bell rang at that moment signaling that classes would start soon so the group broke up to go to their classes. Triton noticed that two of the vampires were heading the same way as he was, the big fellow who had thought his joke about the sex-hair being a dog was funny and a blond bombshell.The two turned around when they noticed him following them and Triton stopped dead in his tracks. He felt like nothing was no longer holding him on earth, his heart stopped beating and he just stared at her. She was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. With slightly curled blond hair, and the face of a runway model. He knew it was the pull the moment he felt it. The pull was the moment the gods found the person they were meant to spend eternity with. What shocked Triton was that he was falling for a vampire of all things.He then noticed the two giving him a weird look as his heart started beating again and he just gave them a goofy smile. "You two headed to english with mason?""Yes. You too?" The blond bombshell asked and Triton felt like he was on olympus listening to the nymphs talking, her voice was so beautiful."Yep.""Cool then I can ask you about that bombshell of a sister of yours. She single?" the big dude asked as they started walking."Aye. We are all single. What are your names by the way. Not just you two but everyone I saw earlier?""Names Emmett Mcarthy Cullen and this is Rosalie Lillian Hale. The rest are Jasper Whitlock hale who looked like he was in pain, Edward Cullen was the one you made the joke about and peed himself, Kate, Tanya and Irina were the three blondes which look like siblings, Garrett was the dude beside Kate with the long hair and looked lazy, and Mary Alice Cullen was the short pixy like one. What about You guys?""Names Triton 'Connor' Swan. My sibling's are Daniel 'Apollo' and Daniela 'Artemis' Swan. They prefer to be called by their middle names." Triton replied thinking about why the name Cullen sounded familiar."Did your parents have an obsession with greek gods or something?" Rosalie asked and Triton chuckled."I guess you could say that, but its not just the gods, titans as well in some cases. Its been in the family for a long time though, my dads name is Poseidon while my granda's names was Cronus." Triton said making the two vampires shake their head at him.They continued walking to class chatting lightly along the way. And Triton couldn't help but smirk and think to himself that things were turning out to be more interesting than ever before.-x-x-x-An: soo how do you like?
