AN: How I think Embry would imprint. Hope you like. This will be one of the last one shots for I don't know how long due to school. Enjoy. It will be short.Disclaimer: I own nothingIt was a beautiful afternoon at La Push, with the sun setting in hues of red fading to orange, a rare sight indeed. This, of course, brought out hordes of locals. It brought people from Forks even.With kids splashing in the calm waters, parents on the shore, smiling at the wonderful sight of their kids running around and swimming, giggling while at it.Couples milled along the outskirts of the sand, some holding hands and treading through the water, smiling ear to ear grins.It seemed that everybody had someone. Every one except Embry Call, it seemed. The well built man had a couple of hot dogs in one hand, and had another one in the other, taking a huge bite out of it.His dark eyes wandered around the crowded beach, noticing all the stares he was getting from women, who were giggling to their girlfriends, blushes upon their faces. He glanced away, uninterested in them. He wanted more. He wanted to find the one.Everyone else in the pack had somebody that they had imprinted on, except for the Clearwater's. And Embry. There was a time where he would have wanted all these crushing girls. That time, though, was coming to an end as he gazed at his pack mates with their mates at a distance.He wanted someone to call his own, someone to grow old with. He didn't want to be just a wolf all his life.Soon, his eyes were drawn to a blonde haired beauty that walked at the other end of the noisy crowd of people. Her eyes were cast down at the ground at her bare feet.At first glance, she was just another woman. Long tanned legs clad in short jean shorts and a bikini top the color of pure white. It went well with her shade of skin. Her long honey blonde hair hung loose, falling past her smooth stomach.All that changed when she glanced up, her prominent blue eyes immediately connecting with his.His eyes stayed locked on hers, everything else fading to nothingness. She stood there, hair blowing with the gentle wind, sunset casting a glow on her skin. The feeling of becoming unbound from gravity overtook him, her soulful eyes the only thing holding his there in his place.He had no idea who she was, but all of a sudden felt like he knew her his whole life. His heart ceased beating for anything but her, the nameless soul.She found her way across the crowded nothingness over to him, a smile gracing her features. Before he knew it, she was close to him, and everything came back to life, but came back less exciting. The only light that was shed was from his mate in front of him, reaching a perfect hand up to his face, as if she too, felt what he was feeling."Have we met before? My name is Rose Sanders." Her hand was soft and cool on his heated face."That's what it feels like. Embry Call. You want to have dinner with me?" His arm wound around her waist, pulling her in.Rose's smile widened, showing her pearly whites. "I'd love that."AN: what did you think? I thought it was sweet, and gave me the feels. Thanks for reading.
