Chapter 1Disclaimer: I own Nothing!Enjoy!Witness. Fucking. Protection. This guy has got to be kidding me. There's no way in hell I'm going to be shipped off to some stupid little town in the middle of freakin no where, to have to change my identity, my appearance, my whole entire life, just because of one sick sadistic pervy asshole! Why can't the fucking police put their numb skulls together and fucking find this guy! He has ruined me! Ruined my entire life! I hate him so much...Tears threaten to fall, but that's the last thing I want to do right now, so I try and focus on what's in front of me.I sigh heavily taking in my surroundings, which isn't much.I'm in a small office in the corner of the Miami Dade Police Department, waiting for Detective John to once again grace me with his presence.The mans office is a disaster. His desk is filled with stacks upon stacks of files. Some marked Cold Case, others full of random words, phrases and comments.This poor guys is probably worked to death. Lord knows crime in Miami is at an all time high and most cases go unsolved. I kind of feel bad for him. I really don't think I'd ever be able to deal with all this crime, cruelty...death. He must have really thick skin.My thoughts are interrupted by the door opening. John quickly moves to his desk and sits. He seems ready to talk now."Ms. Blair, I know going into witness protection is the last thing you want to do, but it's necessary." I want to scream at the top of my lungs NO, but I settle for a eye roll instead. John smiles lightly. "This is only temporary. Once we catch this asshole you'll be free to live your life how ever you please, but until then you really have no choice.""And what if you never catch him? I'll be doomed to live the only life I'm given as a lie!" I growl."Pardon me, but living a lie seems like a better solution than a life of pain and death. Excuse my bluntness, but if this guy finds you again, I doubt he'll be willing to let you live...And I know you don't want that. Please just trust me and do as I ask. I promise everything will work out in the end." He smiles kindly at me. I feel defeated. He's right, I do want to live, and right now my life is in serious danger. As much as I hate the idea of fleeing my home, it seems that it's my only choice."Where will I be sent?" This sucks!"I don't know. That information is classified. There's two gentlemen waiting outside my office to escort you to Fort Lauderdale Airport where you will meet Mrs. Fields. She will give you all the information and answers you desire." My eyes widen. I thought I'd have more time. What about my clothes and all my other possessions! Will I get to say goodbye to my friends?"I'm leaving right this second? Will I get a chance to pass by my apartment? What about my friends? Will I be able to say goodbye?" I'm feel panicky! This is all happening way too fast!He looks at me gravely and shakes his head."Unfortunately you will be leaving any minute, and you won't be allowed to go to your apartment or say goodbye to anyone. No one can know anything about this. I'm truly sorry you have to deal with all of this...But like I said before, none of this is permanent! Just stay strong and have faith...Also...Try and enjoy this new life. Sometimes its nice to start over...People don't usually get a do over in life...Sometimes it's nice to pretend your life isn't so fucked up." He shrugs as he stands and heads for the door. As soon as he opens it I get a peek at two tall very buff looking guys. They kinda remind me of The Men in Black."Okay Ms. Blair here are your escorts. Good luck and try to enjoy yourself." He smiles brightly. I have the sudden urge to roll my eyes again, but I refrain from doing so and lightly smile back at him.As I move to head out of the station, one of the goons places his hand on my back ushering me forward. Every muscle in my body tenses, and my skin starts to crawl. I feel my heart rate accelerating and start to feel faint. I instantly stop and remove myself from his touch and glare at him."Don't. Touch. Me!" I growl. His eyebrows shoot up and he instantly throws his hands up and nods.We stay staring at each other for a few more seconds before the other goon urges us to move. This time as we walk they both keep their distance from me, and it's greatly appreciated.Once outside I spot a Black Escalade with severely tinted windows waiting for I'm guessing us. I jump into the back seat and stare out the window trying to take in everything I see. I don't want to forget anything. I love this city. It's been my home my entire life...When we arrive at the Airport I start to feel sick to my stomach. Why can't I just hide somewhere in Miami until they find him. The cities huge! Surely there's somewhere for me to hide out!"Ms. Blair, this way please." Reluctantly I step out of the SUV and follow my escorts. The Airport is filled with tons of laughter and happy conversations. Everyone so happy to either be departing or arriving at their destination. I feel like I'm the only only one sulking, and I probably am. It doesn't take us long to reach our destination, and I'm surprised to see we are outside and that I'll be flying on a small plane. This makes me even more nervous. Before my mind can start to conjure up the most horrific death by small plane scenarios, a lady maybe in her mid forties steps out of the plane. She looks very professional in her pencil skirt suit, blond hair pulled up into a bun and thick black framed glasses. She very pretty for her age."Ms. Blair! I'm very happy to meet you, but I'm truly sorry it has to be under these circumstance." She smiles lightly, her eyes clouded over with pity. "Please come inside and have a seat. We will be taking off very shortly." As I enter the plane I notice that her and I are the only passengers, and for some stupid reason this makes me feel a little uneasy.Quickly I take my seat and fasten my seatbelt as tightly as I can, before I lose my nerve and run out of this plane at full speed, never looking back!Mrs.What's her name again? sits next to me and begins to talk about nonsense. It only takes a few seconds before I start to lose interest in what she's saying and stare out the window.It doesn't take long for the plane start to move, and it's in that instance that I realize I still have no idea where I'm going!I turn back to Mrs. Talks too damn much and interrupt her rambling with a sea of questions."Where am I being placed? What do I do for clothes? Food? Money? A place to stay?! Surely I'm not allowed to use my bank account right? How will I support myself?!" I'm pretty sure I caught her off guard because she looks kind of lost for a moment, but only a moment. It doesn't take long for her to compose herself and start answering questions."You're right. You will not be allowed to use your bank account or the internet for that matter. Nothing that can jeopardize your location and safety. As for a place to stay, you'll be staying in a apartment that we have chosen for you and as for food and clothes, those things will be provided for you as well. You already have a job lined up at a Auto Shop where you will be the receptionist." Ugh! I have to deal with people all day! Why can't I find my own job!"Ok Fine! But where am I going to be living?" I ask annoyed."You will be living on a small reservation in Washington called LA Push."Seriously! It just HAS to be In the middle of Fucking no where...Oh goody!Hope you liked the first chap! Please Fav and Review!
