I don't own Twilight. Just my OC Menah. This is my first story so no judgment.I was too young to do anything. I couldn't move fast enough to help them defend themselves. My parents had me on the couch at the time of the attack. A man with a bruised covered face entered the house from the back. I alerted them with a loud cry. They turned to see him. However, they were too slow and had been flown back as he swung a wooden staff at them. The fight was too much for me and my tears clouded my sight.I heard them scream for me and next seen my parents lying in front the couch. Their bodies were broken and blooded. I saw his movement and I yelled at him. I was blinded by a light coming from my small chest and towards the evil man. He tried to run, but was too late. He somehow vanished. At my age I should've been happy to have powers like magical beings. The body of her unmoving family took it away.My memory of my parents teaching me how to get help came to mind. I was a fast learner with a gift for remembering everything in my young life. I headed to the knocked down phoned and called for the police. My sobs weren't helping so I hurried and spoke my house address.They made it here a couple minutes later. Their faces baffled at the people covered in blood and a young bushy hair baby crying. They took the scene in and came all the way in. A cop went to get the browned skinned 5 year old."Hello there my name is Charlie. Can you talk?" He asked me as he took me outside.I nodded, "I'm Menah Wisadon," my young voice paused. "will my mommy and daddy be okay or will they be with my grandma in heaven?"He looked crestfallen," They will be in heaven watching you from above." He finished awkwardly and let the medic check me for injuries.A different cop asked me what happened, but when I was finished he told me to be serious and told me to stop telling stories. I had temper problems for one so young. I simply yelled at him and called him a bully. They couldn't figure out who did it. Whoever did was gone.I had no other family to take care of me since they were all gone. I thought it was weird and I would look into it one day. Charlie the Cop had decided to adopt me though. The pain of losing my own family will always hunt me.At the Swan'sLiving with the Swans wasn't what I expected. Charlie and Rene would fight and Bella was weird and never had fun. Probably that she was too old to play with me. One day I met Jacob when he and Billy came over. I rather play with him then sit through my adopted sister's awkward way of playing.Charlie would bring me over to La Push when he got the chance. I eventually met the Clearwater's. Sue and Harry would let me play with Leah. She's three years older than me. I couldn't wait for the one in Sue's belly to come and play with us.I would have sleepovers with Leah. I just didn't know it would end so fast.One night we woke up to them fussing. She said she wouldn't stay stuck it here. It got crazy when she came into the room and started to pack our clothes. I refused and ran to Charlie and held onto him. He kept me close as Rene loaded up her car and took Bella with her. My choice wasn't helpful. With Charlie working as a cop he wouldn't be able to be there for me. I was devastated. He took me in and we get separated like that.Over the years Bella and I would go to Forks in the summer. One summer she decided she hated it and didn't want to return. I thought that was selfish of her. To have someone love and she turns away from them. Of course my choice was my own. When I got to the 11th grade I decided to move back for the second semester of school. And with the small job I had in Phoenix, I saved up for a decent car for when I make it back in Forks.
