Me:Hi! So...This is my first Twilight Saga fic! It's just a small EmmetxRosalie fic, as the couple is a bit in the background! So, this one's real short because I was just suddenly inspired!Hope you like it! Please R&R;!"Um..Rosalie..?"Emmet asked, nervously.It had been one year since he had joined the 'vegetarian' Cullen clan. Currently, they were shifting again because of Emmet's last slip up with a group of travellers. Edward had taken the car with Carlisle and Esme, whereas Emmet and Rosalie had taken hers."Yes, Emmet?""I'm so-""Emmet, I swear if you tell me again how sorry you are.." She realized he cringed a bit in his seat, before she added,"It was not your fault. And I will make sure that you're not sorry for it. If anyone should be sorry.." Her voice drifted off, as she continued accusing herself for dooming him by asking Carlisle to change him into a vampire."RoseWhat you did was to save me. And I don't think I'll ever stop being grateful for it. For you, Angel." If she could blush, she would have been a pretty shade of pink by now. Emmet smiled, imagining her with a pink blush on her pale cheeks."But still,I'm sorry." Rosalie sighed softly.XxX"EmmetI can'twe can't do this." He broke away from the hug, his lips still tingling from the soft kiss they shared."Why?" His voice sounded heartbroken."I have too much of baggage. I can't just make you suffer because of it." She opened her eyes to find a confused look on his face."It means that.I have too many problems on me okay? I don't deserve you."He came closer to her, trapping her between the tree and himself."Don't you ever say that." She raised her eyebrow in confusion as he leaned forward to kiss her again softly."I don't know much about this Roast Bink, but I can just tell you the way he treated you was wrong." He said, butchering the name 'Royce King'."And if I could get my hands on that scum" His voice drifted let out a giggle."If I were him, I would court you the moment I saw you."He came closer," I would've asked you for a dance, and we would've danced in a gazebo," Taking her hand, he twirled her around twice before bringing her back to the same position."I would've asked your parents' permission to take you out without a chaperon and would've kissed you before proposing." He smirked."And I would make sure you wouldn't leave your house till the marriage." Rosalie felt her lips twitch up."And if I'd been lonely?""Who said I would leave you alone? God no! I'd have stayed with you for as long as you wanted. Who knows we might've learnt some new things."He wiggled his eyebrows,"Then I would've" He suddenly backed away only to sit on one knee."Said 'I love you, Rosalie'." He got up, just to be sent to the ground again as Rosalie flung herself at him, before kissing him fully on the lips."I love you too."Me:So, yes I got inspired by the "Roast Bink"...Wierd.I know. But still, hoping that you like it! Please R&R;!
