A/n Hi Artemis here please be nice and review, I am newish... R&R; please!The pain... it was terrifying... it was everywhere. Why wouldn't it stop? I refused to scream, they didn't deserve the satisfaction."It will hurt more if you keep the screams in" A sickly sweet voice purred in my ear."Your power will be great." I said nothing not wanting him or her to have the satisfaction. I tried to block out his voice and the pain... I started to run into the recesses of my mind, the pain dulled.In my minds eye I saw a corridor with many closed doors being opened all at once. One room seemed to glow I moved towards it and as I reached it I saw a statue sitting on a throne, then it opened it's red eyes and looked at me. "So you see me at last," Her voice was like a gentle caress yet it held power laced throughout it. "And just so you know I am you, the you that it being formed in this fire. You can stay human so long as I can come out once in a while." I looked at her and I knew instantly that she was a vampire, "But you will hurt my family, or strangers I don't want blood on my hands!" She smiled and her eyes turned gold,"Bella I promise you I will only eat animals." I thought about it,"Your going to have to have a name you cant be called Bella too.""Call me Isa" She then stood up and I knew to sit down in the chair, She walked out the door.Isa's P.O.VI opened my eyes and grinned in half a thought I was up and I looked at my sire."Hello Bella I am King Aro Voultori, I have given you immortality now to pay me ba-""No." I looked him in his pale red eyes and grinned when I smelled fear "You tried to give Bella immortality and you did but she is still mostly human. I am Isa, I am the vampire." I looked at him."Well Isa I am the king of vampires and my word is law and you must pay your sire back for immortality you can either join my guard or kill a member of a coven that has too much power." I grabbed him by the throat,"What if I kill you?" He looked at me in fear, "Or I could spare you and my debt would be cleared?" He nodded, I let him go and ran through the wall. I ran until I got to forks where I was supposed to be. Isa let me through, I heard Bella's voice whisper. Not yet I need to hunt.I took down three elk and one wolf, it was amazing I snuck into the airport to wait for my dad. I felt my heart pump and I sat down letting Bella through.Bella's p.o.vwhen I came to I saw Charlie walking towards me with a grin on his face,"Bells how have you been?" I smiled,"Great Dad." What I loved about Charlie is that was all we needed we didn't need lots of words I followed him out of the airport feeling oddly graceful."Looks like you finally out grew your klutziness." I shrugged. The rest of the drive went by in silence I stiffened when a smell hit my nose it was sweet yet... Vampire Isa's voice whispered in my mind. We need to be on the look out for them vampires are territorial unless they are nomads. I nodded once to show I understood, so to clear up the confusion in my head I reviewed what happened.I had been kidnapped at Phoenix by a vampire because he wanted to change me I don't know how long I was out but apparently not long enough to make Charlie worry which was good. I was still mostly human until I let an entity my subconscious must have made because I couldn't cope with the pain of the change and the worry of my family. Isa was a vampire who feed from animals but I had to be careful with her if I was near an open wound she warned me because we where a newborn that we still couldn't stop her bloodlust at the smell of a cut. I had a vampires grace, brain, smell, and sight. My heart still beat until Isa woke up then I was a full vampire. I could have children she let me know but I couldn't be with a human as I was immortal. I wasn't indestructible as Bella but as Isa I was powerful. I needed to rest though because the change wanted Bella and Isa. I apparently had a great gift according to Aro but I didn't care. Isa did but Bella did not.When Charlie and I got home he told me that since he had the cruiser I could use the pick up as mine until it died. I loved so I hugged him being careful because I wasn't sure if my strength was increased."Your room is still where it always is." I nodded and went to my room. Tonight when you sleep I'm going to go hunting alright?"Ok Isa" I then started to unpack. Making sure that I would be comfortable in Forks since I was pretty sure that I was staying since Isa couldn't go anywhere sunny. I loved the sun so I was a little sad. I loved that I wouldn't age though since I had a fear of aging. So do I need to hunt? I asked Isa. No but be careful human food will no longer taste good in fact it will come back up if you eat it. I frowned that was gross. It is, but we also have to appear normal. Have you looked in a mirror recently? I grabbed some pj's and headed to the bathroom to look and then take a shower since I felt nasty.When I looked into the mirror I gasped, my usually plain self was gone! My hair was now a lush chocolate that framed my heart shaped face, my brown eyes now held flecks of gold and red, my lips where full and deep red, I had curves in all the places I had none before. My skin was still pale but had a slight blush almost as if it was dusted onto my cheeks. I took of my cloths and noticed to things, my breasts had grown from almost flat to at least a B cup. I had no hair below the neck not even stubble. I was flawless, I could pass as a model with my new body! Do you like yourself? I nodded.After my shower I flopped onto my bed. God I was exhausted. I let my mind drift... I opened my eyes and saw that I was once again in the corridor of my mind, Isa stepped out and I took a second to look over her and see our differences. Her hair was a slight darker shade than me, She was completely pale, she appeared to have no color besides her bright red lips, the last difference was of course the eyes. They where a bright gold that gave her a look that was like a goddess. I walked into the room as she walked out feeling as if it was dream I felt my mind close to me...Isa's P.O.VI felt my mind open up fully and I opened my eyes...
