Lana's POVI climbed the short four steps up into our new home and opened the large mahogany door glancing around the foyer. I could see the spacious living room off to my right and everything was modern and sleek not a hair out of place and I turned back eyeing Asher. "I don't like it." I stated short and simple. Everything was brand spanking new and while that was nice and all it was nothing like home. "Look Asher the sentiment of a new start was nice but this isn't home." I watched as Dax, Remmy, and Mason started carrying in boxes and taking them to the appropriate rooms."For the last time Lana I'm your father, do not call me by my first name." Asher's voice was gruff and rang authority. However neither of those things really made me give a shit so I looked at him boredly and quirking an eyebrow."I'm only biologically your daughter and I don't go by my first name either." I paused and smiled humourlessly at him. "Look at that dad we have so much in common." My voice dripped in sarcasm as I made my way up the stairs. I could hear him calling after me but I promptly ignored it as I found my bedroom and paused in the door way. Everything in this house was so new and different it was like stepping into another room. Except this one room, this one room was exactly like my old one back in California. The walls were painted black and multi-colored splatter marks were strewn all over the walls. I stepped further into the room a smile tugging at my lips. There was a king size bed with a dark blue comforter made up neatly. Across the surface were my all time favorite quotes and I trailed the tips of my fingertips over quotes that have meant so much to me. My mom had had this custom made for me on my sweet sixteen as a gift. It had been a gift then that I liked but the longer I had it the more I grew to love it until now I could barely sleep without it. I looked up at the ceiling and right over my bed was a collage of memories in every picture I owned of my friends, family, and myself. I had always loved it being on my ceiling so as I fell asleep I could remember the amazing memories that flew by too quickly and I wouldn't dwell on the painful ones that plagued me when I was alone. On the wall across from my bed were large bay windows overlooking a cliff that fell off into an ocean that was crashing violently below and in front of my windows was my black grand piano. Asher had told me we couldn't take it because it was too big and I had been so upset with him about it. My mom had a special love for music and she had sat there at that very piano and taught me everything I knew. I looked over in the corner beside it and my acoustic guitar, violin, and cello sat there all perfectly lined up and in their cases. To say I had a love for music would be the understatement of the year.I kept my tour of my room going and walked over to the closet opening the french doors and a long walk in closet greeted me which was something I hadn't expected, my clothes had been practically falling out of the drawers and busting out of the closet at the old house. I walked into the closet looking at all my clothes, shoes, and purses that were perfectly line and then I noticed two other sets of french doors. I opened the first one straight ahead of me and almost gasped looking out over the white balcony that looked down on the ocean. A cool breeze caressed my skin and I breathed in the fresh air shutting the doors gently and then taking a right to the other set of french doors and to my surprise was my own bathroom. I had a large Jacuzzi tub and a stand up shower along with double sinks, a bathroom closet, and of course the toilet.All of it, every single bit of this room was beautiful and I heard a chuckle. I turned around and Asher smiled down at me. "How do you like it Nonie?" I looked at him shocked he had even asked. "You gave me the master bedroom." I said speechless and he nodded patting my shoulder a bit awkwardly. "I wanted to make it up to you after everything." He paused looking at me for a few moments longer. "You do like it don't you?" In that moment I had never seen so much doubt and worry in my father's eyes.We had our differences and if I were being honest I held him accountable for things that he couldn't entirely helped. I felt my throat start to close up and I made my mind dart away from that particular line of thought and I looked at him smiling. "I love it dad."Jacob's POVI leaned my chair back carefully balancing on the back two legs as I scarfed down a pizza. I could hear Paul beside me devouring his food and trying to talk around it, "Look all I'm saying is we don't need help from some random ass pack. We have things under control." He swallowed and shrugged taking another big bite. Leah snorted as she ate a hamburger and looked over at Paul annoyed."Regardless at least that means we'll have two more girls around." Leah has been the only female wolf we've ever had and I did feel a little bad she was so alone. Not to mention the whole Sam, Emily, Leah thing that I will not even begin to get into at the moment. My phone vibrated and I started digging it out of my pocket and flipped it open to see Bella had texted me back.Are you sure you want me to come tonight?Yes I do. Your in my life so you can be there sumtimes for pack business.I shut my phone and Leah growled deep in her chest annoyed again no doubt. Damn she was so fucking pissy all the time. "What Leah?" I asked narrowing my eyes at her, daring her to say something smart ass to me.Leah opened her mouth words ready to fly out but she clapped it shut and her lips thinned into a straight line. "Your not going to ruin today for me." She dusted her hands off from the grease before picking up some fries and eating them. "Besides the girls are supposed to be here today apparently the three others have graduated or something" She shrugged and looked around the cafeteria and as usual it was the same people as ever.Zoey Kranshaw made her way over to us and smiled at me a dance of mischief in her eyes. "Hey there, Jake." She smiled and pulled out a seat sitting beside me. God she was so fucking desperate. Every day it was the same thing with this girl and she never seemed to get the picture ever. I didn't want her yesterday and I still don't want her now. She wasn't all that bad looking or anything but she just wasn't my type, besides I was still trying to win Bella over and shacking up with this bitch sure as hell wasn't going to help my case. "Hey Zoe, can you grab me some soda?" I asked her monotone and she smiled a sultry smile at me and fake pouted. If only I could bash her face in. Paul snickered beside me and I elbowed him. "But Jakey that's all the way on the other side of campus." I rolled my eyes and shrugged. "So are you gonna do it or not?" I asked bluntly not really in the mood to play games with this girl. She stood up and sighed flipping her hair behind her shoulder. "Yeah of course." She walked off disappearing out of the door and I breathed a sigh of relief. Thank God that would keep her busy for a while."Is this seat open?" I turned around ready to hound on whoever was bothering me now but I stopped the moment I seen her face. I felt a weight that had been on my chest smothering me finally be lifted. Everything in my very universe was centered and all was right with this God forsaken world. She had somehow mended the world of its flaws and keeping her safe and mine was my biggest concern. That's what I needed more than anything else was her safety. She was so beautiful and bright, it was like she was a candle flame flickering and I was surronded by darkness until I saw her face. Her hair was so dark it was almost black and it was in gentle waves that ran down to her elbows. They were sleek and shinning waves that I could run my fingers through. Her eyes were so bright they looked almost unreal. They looked like a pretty icy blue with green strands swimming in them, I couldn't stop my eyes from traveling lower to her petite but curvy form. She was everything anyone could want in a woman. She wore a light blue shirt with a bow right over the cleavage slightly emphasizing them but not enough to be considered slutty. Her jeans were white and she wore knee high brown boots over them. She was-Shit. No no no no. I could not have just imprinted on this girl. No! I-I've worked so hard with Bella. She's the one I've wanted not some random ass girl I don't even know.A part of me screamed in aggravation while another part of me was dancing with joy. Somehow, this short petite girl had wormed her way inside my heart but she was crazy if she thought I wouldn't try everything in my power to keep away from her. But that was the thing I didn't want to keep away from her. It was like fighting a battle I was already loosing. She was my imprint, I wanted her and I couldn't stop wanting her.Yes I could. Think of Bella everything you've been through to get her. Every argument and every scrap of jealously. I could definitely not think of this girl who smelled like vanilla and brown sugar its not like if-"Yeah bitch this seat is taken." I looked up startled from my thoughts and noticed Zoey with a soda in her hands and glaring down at the new girl. Shit the new girl, this was the new girl which had to mean-"What crawled up your ass and died I was just asking." The new girl spat back, standing behind her was a much taller red head. She seemed completely bored until this exchange and eyed Zoey with distaste which I couldn't exactly blame her for. When it came to slutty Zoey walked the walk and talked the talk."Look here I know your the new girl here but this here is my school and I own-" Zoey began."Nonie, it's Nonie. Not new girl, not that your slutty tongue even has the right to utter a damn syllable of my name. The fiesty kick surprised me this girl looked like the sweetest girl in the world. But I'd be lying if I didn't admit it was a bit of a turn on. The red head but her hand on Nonie's shoulder and Nonie shrugged her off. "Stop it Remmy I can handle this." She growled. Remmy grabbed her upper arm more forcefully this time and Nonie turned around, "What?" She snapped."Your dad will kill me if I let you get in a fight on your first day." She whisper-yelled and Nonie paused and sighed shrugging Remmy off more gently and going to walk away."Yeah bitch you better run away." Zoey called and in a flash Nonie was in her face and her hand sprung out cold cocking Zoey in the eye and sending her to the ground hard. Remmy grabbed her hard and started pulling her away and Nonie was trembling from head to toe. Get up, go to her. Go to her. She needs you. I fought every instinct in my body not to get up and follow her and Embry looked at me incredulous."Dude she's your imprint go make sure she's okay." He told me as if I needed to hear it. I was really hoping they hadn't caught the imprint thing but I suppose the connected mind thing fucked that up for me. I didn't move and my jaw clenched as pain fought through my body at the idea of not going to Nonie. "Are you serious? Bella was just some girl and a leech lover at that. You've actually imprinted on someone and your not going to go to her or anything? Your just going to leave her hanging?" Embry shook his head and took a drink of his chocolate milk while Paul snorted."If I imprinted on that fine piece of ass I would have followed her around like a lost puppy." I snarled at him and Embry and Quil both grabbed me before I could lunge at him."Don't you dare talk about her like that!" I growled my chest rumbling dangerously. She was mine. Not this assholes, Paul smirked at me and cocked his head to the side. "Are you going to date her or Bella?" He asked simply his eyes locking on mine. I stopped shaking and stumbled over my thoughts for a moment and the pause was apparently Paul's answer. "Well, since that's settled, let's go see how Nonie is doing." Paul said and he got up following the exit that Nonie and Remmy had taken."H-he knows better. How dare he talk to her?" I grumbled eating and looking at the exit longingly. Leah looked at me hard. "You chose Bella over your own imprint." She shrugged standing up. I shook my head at her, "I did not say that." I said trying to keep from yelling Leah looked at me dumping her tray. "No, you didn't say anything at all Jake and that's even worse."
