Heey, this is a new story.tell me what you think of it. please be honest and you can tell me if its shit :)i changed a few things, so the story can be different than first.please review and suggestions are always welcome ;)xxx EywanaMy mother always said that you deserve for your deeds if you did something wrong. That there always was a man who would come along to punish you, he always knew if you did something. He would watch over the people and punish the bad people. I never believed her. Cause how does he know if you stole a cookie. Or if you said bad words to another person. But I always listened to her words. And did nothing wrong, cause maybe there is a man out there to punish people. you'll never know. So I always was on my best behavior. I had a happy youth. I had a home, I had food and I had my loving parents. We weren't rich, but we lived. my father always worked, but if I needed him he was always there. My mother was always home. She was always happy and had always a smile on her face. I still was a child but even I saw the love of my father for my mother. I dreamed of love. A love like my parents. I hoped that there was a boy outside in the world who would love me and always care for me. I wanted children. Sweet, cute childeren, who always would be loved like my parents loved me. I always had high dreams of the world. There were no wars and everybody had food and a home to live in. I always thought that every child had a home, had food and like me, a loving family. what was I an innocent and dumb child.Everything changed when my sixth birthday came along. In the morning I got my present. I got a beautiful necklace from my father and mother. And my day was perfect. My friends came and I had cake. I still know the cake tasted like strawberries. But when the night fell and the sky darkened my youth came to an end. I lay in bed and I heard men screaming outside our little house. I quickly and quietly walked to the living room. I saw my parents and a few men with knives and swords. I made a sound cause everybody was suddenly looking at me. I saw that the men got a look in their eyes. It was power, greed and lust. my parents apparently saw it too and they began to scream. They only screamed:' Please, not her. I beg you.' they had both tears in their eyes. I didn't get it. Why would they cry? I only saw that the men were walking right at me. One of the men said:' watch closely, this is you first lesson.' And he took his sword and murdered my parents for my eyes. I saw the last look in my mother's eyes and heard the last breath of my father's life. Slowly the ground under their bodies became red. Red from their blood. I saw one single stream slowly creeping towards me. I didn't pay attention to the man. Cause my eyes were glued to the little stream. Before I knew it everything became black. The last thing I remembered before I woke up were the bodies of my parents and the little stream.The men took me with them. I didn't know were. I only thought and hoped that the man would get the men and punish them for what they did. But the man didn't came. I remember I fell asleep and I remember waking up. I woke up in a strange room. It was dark and cold. The men who took me walked into the room. They told a story about a girl who wasn't good and needed to be punished. Were did the men who was together one man and punished people? I asked it and they said yes. I was scared, I didn't know why I was in that room with those men. They said I was a very bad girl. But I could be a good girl again. I only had to do what they told me. So I did.They tortured me, they trained me, they almost killed me. when I became older I found out that they lied about everything. They shaped me into a perfect weapon. Obedient, deadly, toxic and beautiful. I did what they said, I followed every rule, I was toxic like a snake, deadly like a sword and beautiful like a rose. My face was the only thing that was unharmed from the torture. The rest of my body was full of scars. I have dark brown hair and I have big deap chocolate brown eyes. My skin is almost white and my lips almost red. I am the dream of every man. They turned me into an assassin. A very GOOD assassin. After years of torture and training they said I was ready. I was 16 when they said it.I am now 17 and already murdered quite a few people. I have no emotion, they destroyed it. I am not the happy, innocent girl anymore. I am now an emotionless girl with no real name. In the past before they took me I was Isabella Swan, now I am nobody. A beautiful face in the crowd. Your darkest fear and the dead for some people. I am the shadow who follows you, your beautiful mistress, your neighbor or your best friend. I am no one and everyone. watch out, maybe you're one of my future victims.I am now heading to my next victim. Wish me luck, or maybe pray for my next victim cause his life is about to end. His name is Prince Edward Cullen. The third son of the king and queen and soon he is just a gravestone at the cemetery.
