A/N: Don't get your hopes up! It's only the prologue and 500 words! But have no fear, for the next chapter will be back to the normal monstrosity size of 4,000+ words. This sequel will answer allllllllll the questions that were left from the last story. If you haven't read Cosa Nostra uhh, you might want to. Or be completely confused on this journey. It's up to you, really. Disclaimer for the whole story: I do not own anything related to Twilight, nor am I claiming to. No copyright infringement is intended. She had moved to the area a year ago, thinking she could escape the repercussions of what she did in Chicago.He stood watching as she ran across the street, her brown hair flying behind her as she pushed herself to run faster. As soon as her feet touched the vivid green grass of the park, he started to run too.Following the same path, his shoes were soundless as they blended in with all the other early morning joggers.He slowed, turning down a different path, one that would intersect with hers as she rounded the far curve. Leaning against the tree that rests next to the track, he waited. Just then, the quick vibration in his pocket briefly took his mind from the brunette.He glanced at the phone and saw the words that reminded him of why he was there.Make sure they know it was us. He looked back up and searched around for the woman that brought him to the east coast, but she was nowhere in sight. Checking his watch he realized that she should have already crossed his path. Cursing under his breath, he set off on the path, running in the direction she would have gone. As he neared the edge of the park he still couldn't find her, his eyes examined the crowds of faceless people."Shit."He grabbed his phone and dialed an all-familiar number."Is it done?""No, I lost her.""How did that happen?""Don't worry, I'll take care of it.""Three days. Then I'm coming myself.""Understood, sir."The line was disconnected.The man stepped into the crowd of professionals hurrying towards their perspective jobs.He knew where they lived, but it was almost impossible to infiltrate the complex. She had armed guards at the front and back of the building as well as posted on her floor.He sat on a bench that faced their apartment. From this particular point, he could see the windows of their living room. For now, it was easy to watch them from afar; there was nothing conspicuous about a man sitting on a public bench. However, if they ever moved into one of the countless houses they were constantly looking at, it would prove more difficult.Of course, she would be dead before they could move into their picture perfect home.He leaned back against the bench, glancing up towards their reinforced windows, designed to stop just about any bullet manufactured in the US. As he watched, he noticed the curtains ruffled once, and then again. Suddenly, large brown eyes became visible  searching the sidewalk below, excitedly. The mass of brown curls were clearly from a child who had just awoken. Pudgy palms pressed against the glass; fingers spread wide as their mouth moved quickly. The woman appeared and glanced down, her eyes flicking over him two or three times. She pulled the child away from the window and closed the curtains.He could feel the grimace set in on his face.Ever since news of the newest Cullen heir broke every mob family was after the child.Unfortunately for all of the other families, his would be the one to kill the bitch and grab the kid.
