Dreaming of B in NYC (NYC NY)Date: 10/12/11reply: to ECDubHey B, It's the E Man here. I was on a flight back from London to NYC when the gods blessed me with the most gorgeous woman as a seatmate. Being the charming Irish fellow I am, I had to strike up a conversation with her. To make a long story short, we talked the entire conversation and even shared a kissed before I departed for home and you caught a connecting flight. Being the idiot that I am, I never asked for a number or even a full name, but I can assure you we shared a moment and I'm more than convinced I met the woman for me.So now I find myself making my way from New York City to Seattle to find the girl. Not just any girl, the girl. Now before you start thinking I'm a freak for this, hear me out.First, background. I'm 27 years old, extremely good looking or so I suspect, originally from Dublin, living in New York for a few years now. I'm a college graduate, graphic art if you must; I have incredibly taste in music, and am known for doing the Worm when I get drunk. . I can play guitar, piano, and drums and have the voice of an angel sliding down a rainbow. I speak 3 languages and am amazing at charades. I make a damn good bowl of cereal and I can make animal balloons that should be displayed in art museums for future generations to see.B, I made a mistake when I let you walk away from me with nothing but that sinfully gorgeous smile on your face. That kiss was more than just a goodbye and I know I'm not the only one who felt that. I'm hoping and praying fate brings us back together in Seattle. I'm all set to tend bar at a new place in Seattle called McCarty's. If you read this, I hope to see you there soon. I'll be the charming guy behind the counter.Thanks for reading and I hope I'm not talking to myself out here. Cheers.*I'll be posting this on all the major cities that will be along my destination route and checking in on my laptop on pits stops on the way to see if you're reading. Give us a chance, B.Authors Note: So I am finally uploading my entries into this contest on my page so I can finally write a conclusion. :) 
