Dreaming of B in Portland (your city)Date: 10/17/11reply to ECDubHi B, it's E again. Well, I am now in Portland and only a few short hours away from Seattle. I still haven't heard anything from you and I can't pretend that I'm not a bit worried. I still feel as if this move was exactly the right thing for me to do, but it'd make more sense if it led me to you. I'm hoping maybe you have just been busy or aren't a big Craigslist checker. Maybe one of your friends is reading and can show you these messages? Or maybe you just aren't convinced that we could have something great and need more persuasion on how amazing a guy I could be for you. So let me take this time and tell you more about myself.I was convinced, half of my primary school years, that I was a superhero and that my super power was disarming people with my dazzling smile. I have three sisters, one of which is actually my twin, so I know how to buy great gifts and always leave the toilet seat down. I had my first kiss in grade two with a gal named Molly and I thought that meant we had to get married. I love Mexican food in the US, but I miss my mum's cooking colcannon and other assorted weird Irish food.On that flight back from London, I was feeling really homesick just coming from a visit to see my family. And you turned in your seat and gave me a big smile and I just felt happy as if I was finally in the right place for once. Talking with you about anything and everything, I fell for you right then and there. I can't adequately express how dumb it was to just walk away without any contact information. I hope you'll let me apologize in person and tell you how beautiful and smart I think you are.I am leaving now for Seattle, having had to stop in Portland to pick up some of my belongings from a friend, and will be starting my job at McCarthy's tomorrow evening. I will be behind the bar, but if you don't see me, just ask for Edward. Please give me a chance, B. I think we could have something amazing.Authors Note: Finally adding these to my page so I can write the overdue conclusion.
