So this is the first story that I have posted in a long time and I'm hoping that people will find the different perspective and characters interesting. While Burning Ice is set in the universe of Twilight, all the main characters are original. I will try to update as much as possible, however I do have a lot of other work to do and won't always have the time to update. I really hope that everyone will like it but feel free to comment and review.A word of warning: This fanfiction is rated M because of the amount of violence that it contains.And finally, the universe is created by Stephenie Meyer and is rightfully hers. The original characters are my own and any similarities between them and another person or character is purely coincidental.PrologueThe water overflowed into the street, drowning the shoes that sloshed their way through the back streets of Hobart, Australia. The rain drummed against the black umbrella held by the young woman whose head was bent in the gloomy weather, eager to get home to her younger sister.She failed to notice her second shadow following her as she hurried through the storm, its dark red eyes - almost black - clung to her like the soaking wet clothes she wore, hardly able to resist the scent of blood.The lithe creature slowly crept towards her with incredible speed and grace. Its stance was poised, ready to pounce.In one swift move, the creature leapt forward, capturing the young woman in its grip of iron. It barely noticed her struggle to escape as it sunk its teeth into her neck.The girl's screams grew weaker as her attacker slowly drained her of her blood, but they were not unheard."Hey!" The man's voice cried from the end of the street. "Hey you! Stop that, leave her alone!"The vampire's head snapped up. He threw the body of the woman to the side of the street, where it landed almost drained of blood, among the rubbish.The man's eyes widened as the vampire started towards him, a single trail of blood running down the vampire's chin. His eyes were now bright red.The man tried to run as he realised that something horrible was about to happen to him - although he didn't know what. He turned quickly and tried to get to the end of the street but the vampire was too fast.Once the blood was drained from the man, the vampire dragged the body to the nearby harbor and hauled the body into the water. He had all but forgotten the girl in the street that he had left, some blood still left in her body and her heart still beating, fighting desperately to keep her alive.I was on fire, I was sure of it. Burning alive.There was no other way to explain the feeling of every cell in my body. I felt as if there was an inferno, not blood running through my veins. But if that was the case, why wasn't I dead?Why couldn't I escape this burning feeling? I could feel my body convulsing, trying to find some relief from the burning that was all that I could remember, all that I knew.I could barely feel the shattered glass that dug into my back nor the cold night air.I was numb to everything but the pain that gripped my body. Never in my eighteen years had I ever been in so much agony. There was no way I was dead. I was in too much pain to be dead.Why couldn't I just die? Or at least pass out and forget the agony. I would beg for hell if only it would bring an end to the searing pain.I was oblivious to the world around me - so much so that I could not feel the gentle sway of someone carrying my writhing body. Could not even sense the cool, strong arms that held me.I could feel my heart starting to race, as if I had just run a marathon. Or had I? I felt as if I was in a race to stay alive, and it was coming down the final seconds to see who would win the race  my desperate body or the blistering poison that was in my veins.Gradually, my heartbeat slowed. I could feel that it had given up. That it had lost the fight. I couldn't help but feel relieved that it was over  that even though death was the alternative, I wouldn't have to live with the burning.I took my last breath as my heart thudded to a halt.It was the end. Over. Finished. Dead.Then why was I still conscious?
