HARD CONVERSTATIONS and HARD GOODBYESBy: Marie OneTwilight. AU. Rated MA/English/Non-cannon/Drama-Angst/ EdwardA return back after plans don't go as planned. Supernatural elements involving someBreaking Dawn elements. Part 4Betas Elle CC and Jcat 5507Characters originally created by Ms. S. MeyerSunday/ You FirstEdward took one look Allison and thought he would lose her. He did not want to lose her friendship, but family would always come first with Allison. Edward knew Allison would die for Sam, without question. Allison looked sad and depressed, but she tried to put on a smile as she sat down. Allison usually was already sitting but today Edward was there first. He took a seat at their table and waited for her. He looked down at the moves he had made against her on their board.Of course, their time might be over today, and he would miss her. Lately he was not thinking of Bella first thing every day; Allison gave him a lot to think about. Edward decided he would not stop now. Allison had said Alaska, and he would fight for the chance to be with her there. For the first time, in a long time, Edward Cullen felt he could be happy with someone besides Bella.Alice tried again to show Edward something in her mind, and once again Edward said forcefully, "Not now, Alice."Edward did not want to see himself losing Allison. He was still trying to recover from seeing what he thought his life with Bella would be."How did it go with Sam?" Edward waited for Allison to give him the goodbye speech Bella never had. Would Allison would tell him bye in the, "We need to talk," way people did now or "It's me, not you" Allison would say something? Edward was sure of that. Edward had his calm face on."Sam wanted to talk about Joshua," said Allison. "There is a lot of talk going around, and my paperwork is being read like a trashy romance novel. There is a clerk who made copies of my witness statements, and now everyone is reading them. Sam is hurting. I don't how to make it better. My child, my baby is hurting, and I can't make it better. I talked to my parents, but I don't know what to do." Allison's voice was distressed. Her first right hand finger was tapping on the corner of the chess board.Edward had no answers but just reached out and took Allison's right hand in his. Edward loved the warmth of her hands. She did not mind his hands were cool as she called them. She seemed close to crying but then took a breath to get control of herself.Finally, Allison asked Edward, "How's the burn patient doing?""He's ready to die. It's all his brain is screaming when he's not preoccupied inside from the pain. He is calm when I read to him, it helps him feel a little better. Visits from his family stress him out, and he feels bad after they leave. I talk to him, and he thinks I am the angel of death come to take him away. I tell him not to worry about his family. He will be gone before the week is out. I am glad he'll be out of pain," said Edward.Allison thought Edward looked sad. Allison's mind was not only on her own problems."Walk me outside?" asked Allison. She did not feel like playing today at all and could not concentrate with so much on her mind. She looked at the board sadly before moving to get up.There was a park on the other side of town square away from where Bella worked. Edward still had a reaction, like the first time he met her, to being close to Bella's smell, but it was getting easier for him. Allison took a seat first, and Edward sat on the end of the bench.The talk turned to Sam but in the end neither Allison nor Edward thought they could do much. Allison did not want the clerk fired from his job. She told Edward how the statements came to be taken. She wanted the marriage dissolved and was told she needed more than saying she wanted it dissolved. At the time when the paperwork was first filed in court signed paperwork was the law. Allison's case ended up falling under the old legal rules. Witness statements were needed. When women started showing up at Allison's door with the idea if she knew about the cheating she would let Joshua go, she used what they said against them.Allison had told them, "Joshua is already gone, if you want him you can have him." Allison would talk to them, then give their names and location for the record.Every time this happened, Allison had to give a statement. The people she named had a right to deny or admit, and most of the women and men admitted it. The statements were a legal statement, and lying was not worth the jail time or a criminal record. The paperwork was still in Allison's file. The men who had bragged were named. Hanging out with Joshua and what they did while with him was now public.The case opened again when Allison successfully served Joshua. The file was two large packets. The volume of paperwork was what got the clerks attention, as well as the questions people asked about their statements in the file. There were people who went to the court clerk's office to enquire if the marriage of Allison and Joshua was now dissolved. When several women came in and asked about their sworn statements in the files, the clerk started reading what was said on the record. The women were told the statements were court record. The statements could not be removed from the file. The old file was active again, and not yet retired to the archives. The clerk was making copies from a digital record of the file.The file and file contents were now easier and cheaper to copy. Neither Allison nor the judge who signed off on the dissolution thought to get the file sealed. The file could be read as a public record in the building. The file could not be taken out of the building or borrowed. The clerk made extra copies because people started asking about the statements part of the record. It was easier to sell that way. The statements and behaviors admitted to was better than anything on adult pay- per-view.The clerk got a cut when he copied the file and distributed it. The names were there in the written record. Now the behaviors were now known and public. Whereas before, there had just been rumors about some people. There were a lot of husbands who had no idea, but were told you should go buy a copy your wife is in the documents. There were some wives got the shock of their lives as well. Some husbands who had claimed to be working on the road had not been working after all. Allison gave their names, but they gave the statements about how they knew Joshua. The statements were given by each person not Allison.The only question asked was how do you know Joshua Uley? The answer was then put into the case file when people named other people, and that is how the file grew so large.After Allison explained what had been going on, Edward told Allison more about who was coming. Aro was one of three vampire heads in Italy. He was done waiting for Bella to be turned. He did not care if she was married to Edward or not. He wanted what he saw as her future ability, and he already had plans to put her to work for him.Edward felt Bella would never agree to anything Aro wanted. Edward knew what Aro did to his own sister when she would not bend to his will, and did not want that fate happening to Bella. Edward believed Bella changed her mind about being married to him. Aro was told Bella would not talk. Aro was aware she was keeping what she knew secret.Edward asked Allison, "Can your travel and work plans be moved up?"Allison answered, "They can be since Michael is ready to leave Alaska. The work contracts are ready. Michael wants to head back down south to southern Canada or northern Washington State. He wants to be somewhere with a bit more light and higher temperatures."Allison started looking better as she talked to Edward. Edward's mind was on Allison as they talked. Then, Edward got an urgent text from Alice asking if he could bring Allison with him to the house, please.Edward asked Allison, "Would you mind coming to the house with me, please?"Edward and Allison were walking back to Edward's car when Paul and Rachel walked up.Allison said, "Hi" to both.Paul looked at Edward for a minute, and the next words said were, "Message received" from Edward.Edward then pulled Allison closer, and they walked on to the car.In the car Allison asked, "What happened?"Edward said, "It's a private conversation, and everything is fine."Allison had a feeling some kind of threat had been made, but Edward was not talking. Paul was looking like he always did, but with a side of angry on top, so that was that.Alice opened the door on Allison's side of the car, he got out and was going to open Allison's door, but Alice was already there first. Allison began walking into the house with Alice at her side. Alice needed and wanted a fashion opinion from Allison concerning what kind of dress a bride should wear to a smaller house wedding.Allison thought about it and said, "The suit dress worn at the end of the movie Sex and the City would be perfect. The jacket color would depend on the skin tone, but the color worn in the movie is suitable for almost anyone."As this talk was happening, Edward was speechless. Edward wanted to stop Alice from asking Allison anything but especially anything about weddings. He was about to move forward when Jasper suddenly pulled him back outside for a talk.Alice kept throwing ideas Allison's way, but Allison knew her own mind. Allison still thought a suit dress best unless the bride wanted a longer dress. Allison had heard from Edward about the couples in the family doing vow renewals every ten to twenty years or so.When Edward returned, his eyes were narrowed and he was glaring. Allison asked, "Is there a problem?"Still looking angry all Edward would say was, "We need to go back into town and pick up Allison's car."Allison told Edward, "I had been out walking. Could you drive me to the line?"Edward said, "Okay." Once there, Edward and Allison ended up talking in the car on the side of the road a bit longer.Seth told Sam, "Your Mom and Edward are near the line, talking in the car." Seth moved on with the rest of his patrol area after phasing back.Allison let Edward know, "There are two summer classes in Juneau that I will be taking part time online, and the worksite for the job is located on the outskirts of town. The work is mostly done from home, but the weather sometimes messes up the signal, and that's why a person needs to live there. Also the work sometimes have rush dates, and it's cheaper to have someone there than flying someone up all the time."Allison told Edward about her talk with Michael and what he said. Michael had told Allison, "I am ready to leave, but I want us to have some time together again before I go."Michael would be around before moving back to Washington State. He was taking a much needed break between jobs.Edward talked about the online community in the Middle East that needed more people who could tutor their students in English with a concentration on writing.Edward explained, "The thanks will be in school credits if the person wanted then and mailed the paperwork to them. The school would only give credits per year."Edward knew the school really needed a teacher but could not afford one. He signed on and worked out the hours. Edward would add white powder to his hair before taping the lessons to make himself appear older. There were two sets of classes' one adult and one child. Using Skype, there would be work at odd hours. He was now busy and using more of the education he had.Then Edward talked about his father Carlisle, and his ongoing medical project. Edward told Allison, "There is a laser project Carlisle is doing for a patient."The village where Carlisle worked part-time had a child who needed more care than could be provided there. With a laser treatment done right, the skin scaring might show improvement over time. The plan was to provide a medical flight for the child and parents to Juneau so the work could be done early next year.Allison asked Edward, "Tell me more about how the laser helps get rid of scars."More would be known later over time. Edward told Allison, "It could work on deeper scars as well."The conversation turned back to Allison having to leave again. Allison told Edward, "I'll probably live in town when I come back once school is over."Allison felt the unwelcome mat would be out since she would not give up Edward. Most in the community did not approve of her seeing Edward in any way, shape or form. Most had no idea who Edward really was but was looking at what they thought was the age difference and did not approve. Allison did not care what was said about her, but she did care about Sam once again having to hear shit about a parent, and this time it was her.Allison was done walking the line for people who never did shit for her anyway. School would take five to six years to finish. She would be down as much as she could to see Sam, Leah, Tiffany, and Emily. Melanie and Kory would be missed, and Allison would try to see them on visits.Allison told Edward, "It is past time to put on my big girl panties, and let Sam know I am going."It seemed like the end of the month was coming up fast.Allison got out of the car and started walking down the road. Sam out running patrols, meet up with his mother and walked her rest of the way home. The leaving talk did not happen once again. Allison was now definite she was going, and would not be going alone. She decided that Monday after work would work since she now worked full time in town, closer to Sam and now Edward.Monday/Confession Time"Do you think I am a bad person?" Allison asked Leah and Tiffany as they sat in the off-site office at work. Allison had turned her chair around to face them. Melanie and Kory were at the factory offices."Allison, what the Hell are you talking about?" asked Leah. "You have been more of a mother to me than my own lately after all the Shit that happened."Leah was thinking about the fact she did not approve of Edward Cullen seeing Allison but lately Allison looked better and less stressed than her usual self. Allison was already catching Hell with everyone knowing and talking about that case file, and that fact hurt Allison badly, Leah knew. Now Allison was doubting herself. If Cullen did anything, treaty or no treaty he was going to be one dead leech, Leah decided then and there.Tiffany was silent but thinking about the woman who reached out to her when she returned to the Reservation again with her five year old son, still unmarried and thrown out by her own family for a second time."Allison," Tiffany said, "people are already talking about all the time you and Edward Cullen seem to be spending together at your chess games and at his house. You know what, I say? Fuck 'em. You have been nothing but good to me. Yes I know you get mad when I think bad things about myself, but you did not have to help me but you did. If Edward Cullen makes you happy and calms you down then I say good luck to you both. They are going to talk no matter what, so what, and go." That was the longest statement Tiffany had made in a long time.Tiffany thought about Edward Cullen. He was-who- the- Hell knew- what, but Allison was calmer lately. Allison was happy. Allison did not even notice how she looked when talking about Edward Cullen. Edward Cullen was making her sister- of- the- heart happy.Tiffany thought back to what her family told her about Embry, "We will try to tolerate his presence while you live here."Tiffany had decided, at first, to just ignore Edward Cullen, but now, not so much. If Allison thought he was okay, then so did Tiffany.Then Allison started talking about what was on her mind, "You don't understand, I don't know what to say to Sam. He needs to know everything. He needs to know I am going. I think I am going to lose my son. I have to do something now. I am packed, clothing- wise. I have my last case, but I am not packing that till the day before I leave. I don't know what to say, how to start. I now talk more to Edward than I do to Sam, and that fact hurts. I feel like I am losing my son all over again. I have lost Sam three times before, and this will be the forth in my mind. I lost Sam when Joshua left, and I had to work all those long hours away from home. I lost Sam when he disappeared, and again when he returned, and now this."Allison was now getting upset and started wheeling her desk chair back and forth while talking. She was talking all at once again but did not sound worried, just resigned to getting it all out in the open."Look," said Leah, "I will have your back and I don't give a shit what the others think about this situation. I may never like Cullen or those other ones, but if he makes you happy then you have to live your life. I will kill him if he hurts you." Leah said this in her too calm voice, but before Allison could say anything she continued. "By the way, thanks for introducing me to Matt. I never said it, but you want everyone to be alright that can't always happen. Are we still on for Thursday?""Yes," and just like that one hard part was over for Allison.At lunch, Allison told Sam about the job and that she was leaving. Allison had wanted to go for a walk outside and have a bit more privacy but Sam said, "Just say it" so Allison did. The guys in the garage heard everything and was shocked. Sometimes supernatural hearing was not a good thing.Sam told his mother, "I don't know what to say or do, but you won't be welcome with Cullen on the reservation."Allison told Sam, "I know," but Allison was now at peace, and her mind was made up this would be her future.For better or worse, Edward Cullen was who she wanted to be with. Allison would see Sam in Folks when she came back to town, but it would be over a year once she left for the job. She would see Sam in town and rent somewhere in town.Ironically, Allison had been worried about putting herself back in the dating pool in Alaska. Going to Alaska was going to be a new career start and to find her special someone. Now, she had found him in Forks, Washington.Allison had had her fun times. But, fun time got old fast when more was wanted. Allison then grew up and gave some thought to what she really wanted in a relationship. She had met Richard Lee while out walking, thinking he would be her future, but now it was Edward Cullen she would be with. What shape or form the relationship would be taking down the line would have to be worked out by them. Allison figured twenty great years, then Edward would be on the road to losing someone again.Tuesday/Decisions Bella Swan had been back for three weeks. She knew Edward was avoiding her, and people thought their behavior strange. They avoided each other and did not even seem to be friends. Bella understood how much Edward was protecting her. The price he may pay if things did not go as planned. Edward did not attempt contact with her.Alice had explained to Bella on the ride back to Forks. "It's not because Edward doesn't care, don't ever think that. Edward is trying not to restart his behaviors with you all over again. They were not good for you or him. He is being careful for you. He wants to see you but he knows you are doing better without him around. His time in Iceland did him some good."Bella had no idea what Alice was seeing or telling Edward with concerns to her. Bella did want to explain everything, including how she just feeling like she needed more time before getting married but not about being turned to a vampire by Edward. Had Alice been able to explain that to him? Bella did hear about the chess games in town with Allison.Alice recently told Bella, "Cold turkey is best for Edward. He is now busy with projects at odd hours. I don't see things going badly for us when we face Aro."Bella was doing fine working at the bakery in town. Allison and the owner, knew each other going back years. When asked if he had hired all the extra workers he needed for the holidays Dave had said, "No."Allison gave Bella's name and education so far. Bella was studying culinary arts in school, and the hours working at the bakery could serve two purposes: money and school credits. Dave had reached out to Charlie and mentioned he needed more workers for the holidays.Allison thanked Dave.Dave said, "Thanks back for Bella."Bella would not need too much training and it could not hurt having the Chief of Police daughter as an employee.Bella had not stayed in touch with Jacob when she left for school, and then time passed. Jacob got busy with his garage. She heard about Jacob and Jessica Stanley from her father, then around town on her return.Then Bella asked her dad, Charlie, "How serious are they?"Charlie said, "From what I've heard, Jacob and Jessica will probably get married in the next year."Charlie was unsure what to tell Bella over the phone. Charlie felt it should be said face- to-face. He was not sure why Bella did not keep in touch with Jacob more, and did not ask. Charlie's best friend Billy Black, Jacob's father, was not sure either.Sue Clearwater, his girlfriend and mother to Leah and Seth, had no idea as well but told Charlie, "Jacob tried, and then he got busy with his business."Jacob now did not have the time to keep trying.When Bella walked into the garage after her work shift she was surprised at the size and makeup of the floor. The conversion of the space had a floor plan even a large business would envy. But the surprise was running into Michael Newton in the garage. Mike Newton and Jessica Stanley had left together for college as friends. After the first year, they ended up becoming each other's best friend.Jessica had to leave school after their first year due to financial issues. Her dad took a business gamble that did not pay off, and her college money was gone. Jessica had gone home with the idea of working then going back to school with loans. Now she was taking classes online, when the garage needed a bookkeeper, Jessica applied for and got the job.Mike knew all about Jessica and Jacob's rocky start. Mike and Jacob had a not so great start themselves when saying more than hello. Now that Jessica and Jacob were together they were all now each other's best friends. Jessica and Jacob would be having dinner at his house on Wednesday night, with drinks out after. Mike had not seen Bella since graduation. The Bella- and- Edward wedding did not happen and there was talk, but no one knew why. Edward and Bella seemed to be in love, but you never knew."Hello Mike, how are you?" Bella asked, but before Mike could say fine, "I am so sorry to hear about Jessica and losing her." Mike's facial expression became hard."Bella, Jessica did not die, and I did not lose her," Mike said coldly, "She and Jacob are two of my best friends and we talk to each other every day. Jessica emails me all the time when she and Jacob are out of town working and she sees something online I might like. Nice to see you again Bella. Guys are we playing are what?" Mike asked and walked toward back room.Sam and Paul was still working on a car before their Tuesday night card game was due to start. They stopped their work, cleaned their hands, and started to walk toward the back room where the card game would start.As Mike was walking away, Bella asked Sam for a minute of his time.Sam walked over and greeted Bella with, "Hello Bella."Bella asked, "Do you have any idea when Jacob is coming back to town?"Sam said, "This Wednesday would be a good time to come by after lunch. I could text his phone number now if you want."Bella told Sam, "I will just try back on Wednesday."Sam as he walked away asked, "Do any of you want a drink before the game start?"There was grunts all around the room from the players inside already waiting to start playing cards.
