All characters belong to Stephanie Meyers. All chapters will have a song that inspired it. This chapter's song is "she must think I'm crazy" by thriving ivory.Baby,I don't know if this will reach you in time but I'm sorry I'm not there to give you a birthday kiss or celebrate your birthday. Happy birthday my beautiful angel. I can't believe I'll be with you in three weeks. I hope everything is okay at home. Mom tells me you FINALLY found a dress. I'm sure you look amazing in it. Don't let my mom and Alice stress you out over the wedding. I know it will be perfect. I wish I could write more but we're being called out for patrols. I'll see you soon baby. I miss you so much. I love you with all my heart and soul.Yours always,EdwardEvery time I got one of his letters it made me smile knowing even continents apart he was still thinking of the little things. Today was my eighteenth birthday and in three weeks I would be marrying my best friend. I met Edward three years ago when I moved to forks to live with my dad, Charlie. My parents divorced when I was little and I barely saw Charlie until Renee died in a car accident. I met Alice, Edward's sister at the beach my second day here. I didn't meet Edward until the first day of school. His girlfriend, Tanya and him broke up a few days before the first day of school and he was outcast to our table for lunch."So I'm thinking this weekend we can have a slumber party. I'll invite Rose and you can invite Jessica. ""I'll think about it, Alice. I don't know how much homework I'll have." I didn't want to seem like a buzz kill but I didn't want to start a new school with bad grades. I looked up to see a Greek god walking towards our table. I felt my breath catch in my throat when he sat down at our table."You won't believe what fucking Tanya did. The bitch got me exiled from our table. Every one is acting like I have the plague. ""You knew that would happen when you dumped her. Sorry Bella this is my older brother Edward. "He was gorgeous nothing like Alice's twin Emmett. Emmett was tall and muscular but Edward was tall and lean."Nice to meet you Edward""You too Bella"I'd like to say it was love at first sight but it wasn't. I was attracted to him but I was fourteen almost fifteen and he's sister's best friend. We ate lunch together every day that week but he never talked to me. That Friday Alice had her slumber party. Rose did my hair while Alice did my make up. Jessica just laid on the bed texting her boyfriend."So Bella I saw Tyler checking you out the other day.""Not interested Rose"Alice jumped up all excited. "Oh a group date night!""I'm not interested in Tyler Crowley. He's more Lauren's type."Rose stopped doing my hair to look at me. "Who is your type?""I don't know. I'm really not interested in dating right now. " I know that was a lie. I was interested but only if it was Edward. I watched him all week at lunch. He gave off an asshole vibe but he wasn't. He was funny and smart and loved his family. He'd do anything for Alice and Emmett. I knew it was just a little girl crush and he would never feel that way about me. "I'm going to get a drink."I rushed out of the room before they could ask anymore questions. I heard faint music coming from the patio but I ignored it figuring it was Emmett out back with his friends. When I got to the kitchen I realized it wasn't the radio but someone playing the guitar. I went to the back door and listened to Edward play the most beautiful song."That was amazing edward""You weren't suppose to hear that.""Oh I'm sorry. I was just getting a drink and heard it. Curiousity killed the cat right?""What?""Nevermind. " I turned to walk back to the kitchen."Wait. Do you want to hang out tomorrow? ""Sure. What time?""I'll call you."As I walk away I feel hopeful. He noticed me. Edward noticed me.EPOV (senior year)I was up all night fighting myself over asking Bella out. I tried to tell myself it was just as friends but I knew better. She's a fucking sophomore for fuck sake. Seniors don't date sophomores. I stared at the phone for hours but in the end I didn't call her. I completely ignored her until she stopped me in the hall before English."What is your problem? You never called then you avoid me. Grow the hell up!""I'm sorry. I just think it's better if we aren't friends. ""I call bullshit! ""What?""It's bullshit! You know what nevermind. Fuck you!"The hurt I saw in her eyes made me feel horrible. Her spark was gone. I extinguished her spark and created fire. I didn't like that fire.All weekend I tried to tell myself forget it. She's just a girl. She's not really worth it. I felt like I was losing my mind over this. I wanted to travel the world and maybe one day settle down with a girl and have a few kids. I wanted something pure and real in my life.A few days later I fought with my dad over my choice not to apply to college. Whenever this happened my first instinct is to drive and clear my head but this time I found myself driving pass Bella's house. She was sitting on her porch with her nose in a book as usual. I find that incredibly adorable. In that moment I found my pure. I'm done fighting. I drive home and write out a letter to Bella.Bella,I'm sure you don't want to hear anything I have to say right now but I need to apologize. The way I treated you was wrong. I planned on calling but I got scared. You're Alice's best friend and I just broke up with Tanya. I don't want you to feel like a rebound cause you're not. You're special. I want to be friends but I don't trust myself with you. I'm sorry.- EdwardI put the letter in her locker first thing in the morning hoping by lunch she'll forgive me. I got to our table before anyone else and made sure the seat next to me was free for bella. A few minutes later our table was full of the usual people except bella. I looked around the cafeteria for her but came up empty. Alice and bella were never separated at lunch so where could she be."Hey Alice. Where's bella today?" I said trying to sound cool but failing miserably."I don't know. She's been acting weird all day. She won't even talk to me."Shit what did I do? I try to think of where she could be. I decide to check the parking lot for her truck and am relieved to see it still here. As I turn to head inside a glimpse of chocolate brown catches my eye. Bella is sitting alone on a picnic table crying. I approach her slow."Bella why are you crying?""Do you expect me to choose between you and Alice? Cause if you do I'm sorry but it'll always be Alice. She's my best friend and eventually I'll get over my crush on you but I won't find another Alice.""Bella I wasn't asking you to choose. It's just a complicated situation. I want to be with you but if it doesn't work out we'll still have to see each other when you come over to hang out with Alice.""It doesn't mean I wouldn't have tried to see if it could work out.""God bella. You drive me crazy. You don't know how bad I want to try with you but I don't want to hurt you.""Maybe I want you to hurt me.""I could never purposely hurt you.""You're hurting me by not letting us try.""Fuck it."Before I knew what I was doing my lips were on her lips. There was this undeniably pull between us and knew this was more than a crush. I pulled her body closer to me lifting her into my arms. Her legs wrapped around my waist as her hands went into my hair. All I could do was hold her and keep kissing her amazing lips.
