I pulled my set of house keys out of my pocket and held them tightly as I walked from the bus stop to my home. I lived in that kind of neighborhood where if you didn't, someone was bound to come up behind me and snatch them right from my fingers and spend the next three nights testing the locks of every house within a 500 meter radius. It wasn't a pleasant place to live, but it was home.My house was in the better side of the neighborhood, unfortunately the closest bus stop was not. I think my mother planned it that way. If we lived in the nice side of town yet close enough to the rough end no one would notice. I guess she was right in a way. No one had made the connection yet.Luckily for me the walk home was pleasant today; no one was out and about looking for dealers. Most people still had stuff left from their weekend stash. Mondays were usually like this.I crossed the imaginary line from the rough side of town to the better side and instantly felt better. I wasn't one to judge. Who was I, a quiet sixteen year old girl, to judge someone on their life choices? I just felt better knowing Mr Robertson and Mr Clinton was in ear shot if something was to go wrong. They were always too happy to help with any concern I had.I was happy when I put the key in the lock to my home. I had had a pleasant day at school and wasn't assigned any homework so my night was free to do whatever I pleased. As long as my mother wasn't staying in tonight.As I pushed the door open I heard it, clear as day. The moans and screams for more coming from my mother's bedroom. I slammed the front door shut in an effort to make my presence known but I knew even I couldn't stop my mother from attaining what she desperately wanted. She was staying in tonight and my mood instantly dropped.I raced to my room, ditching my school bag on the floor near my door and put headphones in as fast as I could. Music started playing in my ears at top volume and I went about my afternoon as if my mother wasn't mere meters away from me in the other room. I went over class notes, re-reading everything we had discussed today in all classes, before giving up on studying and logging into my instant messaging account. Seconds after I had logged on the noise of a new message blared in my ears and a smile came over me.How was school love?I instantly got thinking about his bronze bed hair and his gorgeous green eyes. It had been a mere two days since I had seen him last and I longed to see and feel him again.It was fine, came home to mother sounding like she's on a crazy roller coaster ride though.Same guy?No idea, I'm putting my money on not though.Want to get out of there for the afternoon?What did you have in mind?Our park, fifteen minutes?Sure, see you then.I pulled the headphones out of my ears and quickly changed from my out dated school uniform into a pair of jeans and one of his shirts. I went out the back door and down the side of my house into the front lawn so I wouldn't have to encounter my mother's questions if she happen to have left the room at just the right moment.I walked at a brisk pace through the streets hoping he wouldn't already be waiting for me. But that's the joy of having a licence and owning your own car, you get to your destination faster. And like clockwork, there he was, sitting on the swing, hair in his face staring at his shoes waiting for me."Did you know my mother downgraded? Her drug of choice is now weed." I stated as I walked up behind him before taking a seat on the swing next to him."I did not. How did you find this out? Did she make conversation before you left?" He turned to look at me while awaiting my answer."No, thank god. There was an open foil packet with some in there next to the little baggie of coke.""Oh, maybe she could share?" He smiled wide at me as I pulled my arm back and punched him in the shoulder. "Ow! I was joking!""Oh I know you are." I said with a smile that he returned."I was thinking about you today. About us." He looked down, staring at his shoes again."What about us?" I couldn't hide the hint of concern in my voice as I asked."Just the first time we spoke online, and the first time we met up." He looked up at me at the same moment he reached for my hand. I gave him a soft smile which he returned before continuing."I remembered how smooth I was when I first sent you that message," he said with a small chuckle. "I don't know how you still wanted to talk to me after that.""To be honest, I don't either. You were a mess. I'm fairly confident you said, 'well tie me up and fuck me sideways, love at first sight does exist'. And you hadn't even really seen me."He let out a louder, less forced laugh than before. "I remember." He smiled at me and I noticed he had started rubbing circles on the back on my hand that was still securely in his."And the first time we actually met up, right here on these swings.""Is that why you asked me to meet you here?" I asked, not quite sure where he was going with this."We were sitting here, on these swings, the night I asked you to be my girlfriend as well. Can I just say one of the most scariest moments of my life." He turned away from me and looked back down at his shoes."One of the most scariest moments of your life?" I questioned.He let out a long sigh yet again before looking up and off into the distance. He didn't say anything for a few minutes and had a worrying look on his face. I waited a little longer before I spoke up again."Edward, is something wrong? Do you need help with something? My mother won't be impressed and I'll pay for it in ways you can only imagine but if you need money or something," he cut me off before I could get anything else out."No, no, no, nothing is wrong, I don't need money. I'm fine, I promise.""What is going on, I'm really confused and kind of concerned about you.""I'm fine really," he turned his body slightly towards me and I made the mistake of looking into his eyes. I saw several different emotions flash across them in the brief moment I got lost in them. Concern, anger, stress. This can't be good."I can't keep this to myself any longer. I tried to for some time now but you need to know this. I need you to know this." It was then I realized why I saw the emotions I did in his eyes. Because he was going to end our relationship here, right where we had started it. He was going to tell me he had cheated on me or done something equally as horrible and leave me. That was definitely something I needed to know. I couldn't give myself to someone who didn't deserve me. That was my greatest possession and he knew it. I pulled my hand from his and tried to turn away to hide the tears starting to gather in the corner of my eyes."Bella? Why are you crying, why did you pull away?" I didn't dare look at him, I would no doubt be a blabbering mess if I did. Instead I tried to replace the hurt with anger."Just do it, break up with me, tell me you did something horrible so I can go home and forget you ever existed."I felt his hand wrap around my wrist and I tried to break free of his grasp with no luck."Bella look at me, please, please look at me. You need to look at me when I tell you this."I tried to fight him again before coming to the conclusion that the sooner I look at him and he says what he wants to, the sooner I can leave. Reluctantly I listened to my own reasoning and slowly looked up at his face that was now mere inches away from mine as he knelt in front of me. I knew I could be naive but this was a whole other level. I have loved this boy for months, I thought we were perfect together but apparently I was wrong."Bella I," his breath danced across my face and smelt of mint and cigarettes as he paused trying to find the right words."I'm not leaving you Bella. I asked you to meet me here because this was the place we first met in person, this was the place I got to know you, this was the place I asked you to be mine and I want this to be the place that you first hear me tell you that I love you."I sat frozen not able to move or say anything. I kept replaying the last three words over and over in my head. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you. "I couldn't leave you, I love you, I have loved you for a very long time. I needed you to know that that is how I feel about you. You're not just some girl, you're the girl and I am so in love with you."The tears began to fall and I let out a breath that I didn't realize I was holding. "You love me?" I whispered. He lifted one of his hands from mine to wipe away the tears from my cheeks."I do," he whispered back.
