Don't Let Her Go.The airport was busy, people running around to get to their right planes or going from shop to shop. No one really seemed to notice the young girl in a corner crying silently, except maybe one. She was resting her head in her hands shoulders bobbing from the small sobs that escaped her lips. The person had been watching the girl for about 15 minutes and was disgusted that no one had gone up to her. Having enough of just watching, they got up to walk over to the distraught girl."Are you alright miss?"The young girl jumped and looked up at the stranger. Her eyes were a stunning colour of aquamarine but were spoiled by the redness of crying, her hair was long and curly, coloured a dirty blonde with lighter blonde highlights. She had pulled it up into a messy bun. Her lips held a natural pout and her cheekbones were sharp. The stranger was stunned by her beauty."I'm fine" She whispered back roughly"Somehow dear I doubt that. You are sitting at an airport crying. Do you want to talk about it?" The stranger asked"Will it help take away the pain?" Was her weak reply"It might. My name is Caius. I think you deserve to know since you are going to be talking to a complete stranger!" He grinned at her slightly"Venissa""That's a beautiful name""Thank you""So do you want to talk about it?" Caius asked softly, she stayed silent for a while before answering."My boyfriend broke up with me. I know its pretty pathetic, but we were together for a while you know? About five years and he just dumps me for some other woman!" Venissa sobbed"Hey, Its okay. You have every reason to be upset. Your boyfriend was very stupid to throw away someone as gorgeous as you!" Caius said rubbing her back soothingly"I just wish I knew why! What did I do wrong?""I'm sure you did nothing wrong. I think that sometimes people can get greedy and forget that what they have is exactly what they need and not what they want" He told her gently, Venissa looked up at him with curious eyes."You talk like your from a different generation" She told him and he stiffened slightly"Really? I didn't notice" He said causally"Yeah, your way to smart for someone who looks about 23?" she asked unsurely"Yes, I'm 23" He smiled "What about you?""Don't you know its rude to ask a girl her age?" She told him jokingly, he smirked at her."I never said I was polite""I just assumed, since you were the one that came up to me and comforted me" She said slowly"Never assume with me. I can be very unpredictable" He said seriously, making her curiosity sky rocket."Okay..." She said awkwardly "... I'm 20""Still in your prime then" He smiled, she rolled her eyes and ignored him."Thank you" She told him looking down. He looked at her in confusion."What ever for?""For coming to me, talking and helping me!" She looked up at him a single tear rolling down her cheek. She stood up and hugged him, He stiffened slightly but relaxed and hugged back."Thank you Caius" She whispered in his ear before letting go of him and walked towards the ladies restroom. He took a look at her fully, she was wearing a tie dye crop top with some dark blue jeans. She had black and white vans on her feet and a small brown bag with white crochet on the front. She looked about 5'7" in height and she had a lovely hourglass figure. Caius shook his head before heading to his plane. He couldn't have a human girl affecting him.The plane ride took 8 hours 43 minutes. Caius had counted since he had nothing better to do. He wanted to keep the human girl out of his head, she was running through his mind like the plague and it was irritating him to no end. He had to go to Washington, Forks to check on the Cullen's half-breed. Marcus had demanded that he was the one to go. Heaven knows why.He was waiting for his brothers to show up when someone knocked into him."Oh my god! I am so sorry. I wasn't watching where I was- Caius?""Venissa" He smiled at the young woman "What an odd pleasure, what are you doing in Italy?""My friend lives up here I came to get away from everything you know?" She told him, there was a male shuffling awkwardly next to her. "Oh Caius, This is Leo, he was next to me on the plane. He's going to show me around the Voltura""Well isn't that generous" Caius said narrowing his eyes a the man, who looked away nervously."I would have asked you if I knew you were here" She told him "You were so nice me""Its fine Venissa! I will just have to take you out to the best restaurant instead" He smirked at her, making her blush slightly."Are you asking me on a date Mr Caius?""Well you will have to find out won't you?" He told her before handing her a piece of paper and walking over to his brothers who were standing by their car waiting for him."What was all that about Caius?" Aro asked shocked at his brothers unusual behaviour."Just making a friend" Caius said whilst getting in the car. Aro turned to Marcus who smirked at him giving him his hand showing Aro what he needed to know.Thanks for reading. Tell me what you guys think! R&R;!Venissa's outfit is on my page! Golden Haired Prongslet
