A/N: Don't own any of the characters and don't make any money from this. No copyright infringement intended."La Petite Morte"(feat. Elena Vladimirova)Do you know what the french call an orgasm? La Petite Morte;The little death. Let's die a little. Any last words?The feeling of mortality is locked in your grip.I can feel my life sinking as it's starting to slip.An alternate universe; delicious and dark.So open up your mind and take your car out of park.Look into the mirror and tell me what do you see?The other side is staring back at you and me.Let's flirt with fate we got a date with death.Love me 'til you take out my last dying breath.Hear the voices of the lost souls calling,Succumb so sweetly as your heart rate's falling,From the oceans of the darkest depths.Get closer and closer and closer to deathI will be your little death.Wrap your hands around my neck.Every little touch brings me closer to death.Open up and suck out my last dying breath.You can never use me.You can never abuse me.Life is beginning to slip away.Divine intervention. La Petite Morte.Garrett watched the girl with avid interest as she broke into the Cullen residence through a side door.He'd been making his way here for a visit, unaware that the entire coven had moved away, some time ago if the condition of the property was any kind of testament, when he'd heard the godawful rumble of an engine approaching.Hiding in one of the many trees that surrounded the property, he'd seen the girl arrive and just sit there for a time, staring at the house as if she were gathering the courage to do any more than that.Now he knew why. She was up to no good from the looks of it and his interest was piqued. Why not? It had been many years since he'd involved himself in the curiosities of humans after all. He figured he was due a little fun.Toward that end, he hopped down from the branch he was perched on and followed her into the house quickly and silently.What he discovered when he entered the house had him shaking his head.There she was, sitting atop the piano, a bottle of booze in one hand and a razor blade in the other, her gaze blank as she stared into the distance.Garrett leaned against the support pillar he stood next to, resolved to wait for a bit to see just what she would do. Very few people who ever thought about suicide ever made the decision to follow through with it and he was curious to see just what she would do; get drunk or use the blade?He tired very quickly of watching her stare off in the distance however, and so he made his presence known."What could possibly be so terrible in the life of a young and beautiful girl that would bring you to the place you're in at this moment I wonder?"She startled, snapping back to the present as she dropped the bottle of liquor, glass shards and pungent fluid covering the floor in front of her.She focused on him and the look on her face brought to mind a frightened doe; desperate, cornered and alone."Who are you?" Her voice trembled as she questioned him.He shrugged. "Me? I'm just a friend of the family that used to live here. Who are you?"She blew out a nervous breath, running a hand through her hair as she tried to hide the blade with her other hand. "The same as you I guess."He smiled. "You guess? Not sure about that?"She scowled at the floor. "Well, if you really must know, I was dating one of them and he left me. They all left me without a word or even a goodbye, so no, I'm not too sure about the 'friend' part."She then lost the angry look and all that was left was profound sadness. "They said they loved me. That I was another daughter to them and then they left without a look back or a way to contact them." She looked up at him. "That was two months ago. I haven't heard from them and all their previous contact information has been changed." She shrugged. "It's pretty obvious to me that they don't want to be contacted."Garrett nodded. "Yeah, it would seem so if what you say is true."She scowled at him and he held up a hand quickly. "Not saying I doubt what you've told me, so don't get all offended. I'm just thinking that there might be extenuating circumstances that we know nothing about, that's all. You know, the old saying that there's always two sides to every story?"She scoffed out a bitter laugh. "Oh they have a side of the story all right. He said they were too dangerous for me to be around. That I don't belong in his world."She pinned Garrett with her saddened gaze. "I wanted them to change me. Carlisle and Esme called me their daughter; the rest, excluding Edward and Rosalie, called me their sister."She shook her head, staring at the floor as tears dropped onto the jeans she wore."Safe to assume that you were dating Edward then? Seeing as how he was the only single one in the family."She nodded, still looking down. "Yep. That's right, although, looking back, I'm not sure you could call what we were doing 'dating' considering all his kisses were closed mouth and he barely even touched me."She looked up. "He said he was afraid of hurting me and so he refused to do anything other than small kisses and touches."Garrett couldn't help it. He broke out into incredulous laughter. "Seriously?"She nodded with a scowl at him. "Yeah. What's so funny?"He got his mirth under control, with only the occasional chuckle breaking through as he replied. "I could see where an uninformed human might believe that load of shit, but his coven mates let him get away with telling you that? I can hardly believe that the Major would let him wuss out with that excuse, because it's complete bullshit."She looked indignant. "Well I was his singer and his mate, so it was very hard for him to control himself around me."He held up a hand, all humor gone from his demeanor. "Whoa, wait a minute. Back up. Did he tell you that you were his singer?"She nodded. "Yes, even Carlisle confirmed it after learning how irresistible Edward found my blood. And my mind is the only one that's ever been silent to him, so they concluded that I am his mate."Garrett gave her a flat look. "And he left you?"She nodded."Without a look back, and he hasn't contacted you since?"Again, she nodded.Garrett shifted around in thought. "Did he ever smell your blood? You know, from a cut or anything, even the smallest wound?"She looked confused but answered. "Yes, he did.""And he still left?"She rolled her eyes. "The answer to that is pretty obvious, even without super vampire intelligence."He smirked. "Yeah, but I'm trying to drive a point home with you sweetheart. If he smelled your blood and was able to walk away, you may be his singer, and kudos to him for super self control, but there's no way in hell that you're his mate.""But Carlisle said"He raised a hand while shaking his head. "I don't care if God came down and spoke from a burning bush, the fact remains, if he smelled your blood and was able to leave you for all this time, human and unclaimed, then you're not his mate. It would have been too painful for him to stand even the thought of leaving you."She looked away with a frown and he gave her a few moments to let all of that sink in. He figured she'd need the time to process before breaking the really bad news to her.When she finally sighed and looked back at him, he took that as his cue and began to break the bad news. He gave a mental shrug. Maybe she wouldn't consider it bad seeing as how she'd come here intent on killing herself? Maybe she'd appreciate the help."So, now I get to convey some information that you may or may not like. Not sure if the Cullen's shared this with you, but the knowledge of the existence of vampires by any human is a big no-no, one that can only be resolved in one of two ways; death or turning.I now know that you know. I'm not stupid enough to walk away from here without resolving the problem. To do so could mean my destruction and I like my existence, thank you very much. So, since you still have a wicked looking razor blade tucked under your right thigh, I'm assuming you won't mind too much if I go ahead and solve two problems at once. You see, I was going to make a trip into the city and catch a meal but now that I'm here and you need to be taken care of, well...you get my meaning?"She hopped down from the piano and approached him slowly. Looking up into his face after she had reached him, she made a last request. "What is your name?"Figuring that there was no harm in her knowing the name of the vampire that was going to end her, he answered."Garrett. And your's?"Looking down, she smoothed her hands over his muscled chest. "Isabella."She looked back up, meeting his gaze with an earnest look. "Will you do something for me Garrett?"He furrowed his brow. "It depends." He hadn't survived all these years as a nomad by being gullible, even to beautiful girls. Anything and anyone could be a potential trap and he was damned careful, all of the time, his survival instincts sharp and always at the fore.She nodded with a sad smile. "Fair enough." Drawing closer to him, she cupped his cheek as she looked into his red eyes, trying to convey her sincerity."Garrett, I don't want to die a virgin. I know what you might be thinking. I was all prepared to die that way earlier today, but like you, I see a solution to two problems standing here before me. Will you grant my last request?"Reaching down, he circled her waist and drew her close, the warmth of her body seeping through the layers of clothes they wore. She felt very good in his arms and he wasn't getting any malevolent feelings from the contact. As a matter of fact, if he were to be quite honest, he was enjoying holding her very much, her scent captivating and intoxicating. He found that to be a very curious discovery as he had never experienced such a reaction to a human before. He would think more on that later however, as she was waiting on his answer.He stroked her cheek with the backs of his fingers. "Yes, I'll grant your request."He looked around the living room and back at her as she smiled and took his hand."Come on. Let's find a bedroom." She shrugged. "Who knows? We may even get lucky and find that they left a bed behind." She glanced back as they slowly climbed the stairs. "I mean, I know it probably doesn't matter to you, but it would be nice if my first and last time was somewhat comfortable, you know?"Garrett didn't know why, but her mention of her upcoming demise shot a pang of discomfort through his chest and he rubbed at it with the hand not being held by hers, his thoughts now in turmoil. What the hell was going on anyway? He didn't have time to think on it anymore as she pulled him into a generic looking room, a fluffy looking bed the center piece."Ah, ha!" She laughed nervously as she removed the dust cover from the bed, gesturing toward it. "This is good, right?"He walked to her and pulled her close, kissing her softly. It took her a few seconds to respond but she did eventually, sucking on his bottom lip softly as she moaned at the feel and taste of him.He backed away a pace. "Are you sure you want to do this?"She smiled. "Yes." He admired her courage as he noted the look of determination in her eyes and the unwavering strength of her voice."Okay then." He began to undress and she blushed as she took his cue to do the same.Once they were both done, she looked at him unashamed, drawing close to run her hands over his chest and shoulders as she placed light kisses where her hands had just been.He groaned in pleasure as she nipped and sucked at his nipple, the feeling going straight to his hardened length that was pressed between their bodies.Reaching down, he lifted her in his arms and kissed her lips as he placed her in the center of the bed.Feeling his kisses trail down from her jaw and neck, she gasped as his lips captured and sucked in a dusty pink nipple, electric shots of pleasure going straight to her center. She arched and held his head as she moaned and he smiled around his prize as his hand traveled up her inner thigh, stroking her to wetness before sliding two long fingers into her heat, stroking and stretching as her legs fell open, her hips bucking instinctually."Ummm Garrett please.."He felt his eyes go black at the sound of her pleading and the trace scent of her virgins blood on his fingers and something in him took over, the need to mount her and mate overwhelming him.Before she could even think to question or protest, he had flipped her over, pulling her up onto her knees as he entered her in one sharp thrust of his trim hips, his hard and thick cock sliding home all the way to his base. His growl of possession was low and feral as he began to fuck her at a pace that had her tossing her head and crying out through the pleasure and the pain.This experience was like nothing she had imagined her first time to be. It was so much more. She had imagined slow and sweet, with whispered words of love and commitment followed by the warm glow of a pleasing orgasm, but this. She could hardly manage a coherent thought as she moaned and cried out, the pleasure building to such a peak that she thought she would lose her sanity before relief finally came.But come it did, on the wings of an orgasm that left her with no doubt as to why the French nicknamed the phenomenon "La Petite Morte" or "the little death".The front part of her body collapsed onto the pillows as she felt Garrett pulse and fill her as he growled out the word "Mine", lifting her into his arms and sinking his fangs into the side of her neck.She moaned at the pleasure that filled her at the feel of his bite, gasping when it turned to pain with the injection of his venom.The venom that would turn her.The venom that now marked her as his for all eternity.Reviews motivate me, and I read and appreciate each.
