Nathan's hand brushed my cheek gently and I sobbed leaning my cheek into his hand, my head shoulders racking in trembles. "P-please stay with me." I cried and he kissed my forehead gently his sad smile was present n his face as I looked up into his beautiful blue eyes. Despair ran through my body and I could feel my knees trembling as they lost their strength and I slid down the closet wall he had tucked us into."I don't have a choice baby." He whispered against my hairline as he crouched down infront of me. My heart crumbled in my chest I sobbed leaning forward as he held me tight in his arms and whispered in my ear. "I love you, Jessamine." His words were slow each one stabbing deep into me and tearing me apart. My knees curled up into my chest and he grabbed under my chin gently and brought his lips to mine melting me with a slow loving kiss. A goodbye kiss.I could taste my tears mixing in with our lips as he pulled back from me and stood up. "Be silent, Jess and be strong." He murmured and he walked out of the door slowly creaking it shut but I could see clearly through a tiny sliver of a crack in the closet doors.The bedroom door bust open and a beautiful pale woman with firey hair walked in with a coy smile playing upon her lips. "Knock, knock." She looked around the room spotting Nathan but still looking over every crevice and frowned. "Where is she?" The woman snarled. I could feel my body shiver as fear ran down my spine and the tears were still running steadly down my cheeks. Everyone else in these moments were heroines. They would jump out just in time and save the love of their life and kill the enemy.But I wasn't stupid, I would jump out and I would die. Then Nathan's last thoughts of me would be disappointed because I had stupidly wasted his own life. He was sacrificing himself to keep me safe.I held back the sobs that were racking my shoulders and it felt as if a weight had been pushing down on my chest as the tears wouldn't stop. What person could cry this hard and for this long? It seemed impossible as if my eyes would never dry up and I would be consumed in ever present tears. If we had just known sooner she was coming we could have left, but we hadn't known and there hadn't been time. This wasn't a fairytale where everyone was happy and they all got the amazing life they deserved, this was reality and it hurt as it reached its cold hand and grasped your stability shaking it until there was nothing left but a heap of a person.Victoria was fast in Nathan's face and a deadly calm took over her voice. "Where is she?" She asked again. Nathan sneered at her and spit in her face. My breathing stopped, and time stood still. I could try to help I could save him. I wanted to believe I could be the hero but as Victoria leaned in like a cobra readying to strike her fangs sharpened and dug deep into Nathan's neck hitting an artery. Blood spurted everywhere and it took everything in me not to throw up.She threw his limpless body to the floor and blood started to seap under the closet door and pooled in the floor around me slowly drenching my bare legs and feet. I curled tighter into my self silent and my heart wanted to stop. How could I live without Nathan? His bright smile infiltrated my mind and I could remember the kisses he would smother me in whenever he seen me. His lips would never kiss me again. I could feel the warmth radiating off of his body when I crawled into bed beside him at night and now there would be no warmth. Nathan was gone. My mind started betraying me the more the blood seeped through the door."I love you Jessamine."Nathan."Jessamine you are my world."Nathan."Jess stop teasing me."Nathan.His arms picking me up and kissing me as he spun my around.Nathan.I almost cried out, I wouldn't have cared if she fund me in that moment but then another man appeared in the room and his eyebrow cocked up as if he was bored but interested in the scene he had walked in upon. "Do I want to know?" He asked lazily sitting down on mine and Nathan's bed lounging back lazily.Victoria ripped a pillow in half in frustration and sighed as if she was the one who had been wrong. "James always played his games so well." She pouted. "I get aggravated and slightly trigger happy." She groaned leaning back on the bed. "I had leads on a girl who lived a town over from Bella. I wanted to torture her before killing Bella. I wanted her to see my pain." The man looked over at her and his gaze was thoughtful before he answered."Why would some petty life matter to her?" He shrugged. Bella? What did Bella have to do with this?"Oh Laurent." She smiled at him and shook her head, "They were childhood friends. It would have been fun. James would have appreciated it." She paused and her brow furrowed. "I am confused though. The Cullens have left her and as much as I want to run to kill her. I know I want to make a performance. I want it all to be perfect. So I have to wait. I have to wait until the perfect opportunity presents itself to me." Laurent looked at her startled for a moment before replying."They left the girl alone?" He asked quizzical. Victoria's gaze snapped to his narrowing slightly as she nodded."Don't get any bright ideas. She is mine."I began tuning them out my eyes wondering to Nathan, and once they left I crawled out of the closet and numbly laid beside his cold lifeless body. The tears stained my face and I could feel a new onslaught of them pouring down my face as I touched his cold cheek gently. "Please come back to me."
