Sister ?Angel's POVI can't believe this, I mean come on mom if your gonna send me somewhere can you atleast make sure the sun is welcomed to shine there. It's bad enough that I have to live with a dad that didn't care about me and now I'm gonna share a room to my sister that I hated. Pease just kill me right now.Hi, I'm Angel Callisa Dwyer. I'm 17 years old, I have a black short hair, pale skin, brown eyes, and nice full red lips. My height is 5'6 and I have a nice curvy body and a perfect D cupped breast, whick makes me a complete opposite of Bella Swan, my sister and before you ask we are completely related by blood my last name is Dwyer due to the fact that my step dad adopted me. You know the saying " Friends come and go, but sisters are forever "well not for me. The reason my mom is sending me to live with my dad and Bella is to be close to them and to make up for the past so long story short version, we were seperated when I was 8 months and Bella was 9 months, my mom took me and Charlie took Bella, at first mom said that Charlie didn't want her to take me or Bella because he wants us to grow up together, but mom didn't agree she said it's either Bella or me, but ofcourse my dad choosed my sister. After that we never saw eachother again, according to mom Charlie tried to contact us to visit me but she didn't allow because she was scared he'd take me away with him.So right now I'm here getting my life taken away from me. When I was 15 my mom started showing me pictures of Bella and my dad, my mom knew I was angry because my father didn't choose me but I'm happy being with mom. I have to admit when I first saw my sister I refuse to believe that we were related I mean I'm absolutely totally different from her. According to me she has been receiving Emails from Bella and Charlie, she told me how my sister hates shopping, people spending money on her, people who is selfish, and being the center of attention. Let's say that after hearing that I knew that we well never be in the same light or agree at anything. First I love shopping specially the brands Gucci, LV, Prada, and Steve Madden and I certainly love when Phil spends money on me, it makes me feel special and second I'm not being selfish but at the end of the day you can't count on anyone but yourself so my point is why would I put other people first before myself when I know that I'm not their priority and it may sounds selfish but thats how I see it.I was sitting in my room staring at my window after mom broke the news. So right now I'm packing because I'll be leaving tonight, I put my laptop in bag together with my camera. I heard a buzz I quickly picked up phone on my desk and read the text message.hey, How are u feelin ? sorry stupid question and trust me I think this is stupid and completely terrible but if she's a bitch then your bitchier and remember girl ill come there if you need back up, let me know and we'll tear her ugly dull hair out of her empty head...go girl ! beat her ugly ass !natalie~I almost fell to my butt after I read Natalie's message, I didn't know I was laughing so hard until I couldn't breathe. Natalie is my best friend and if i could ask for a sister there's no doubt that her name will be on the list. She's the person I'm going to miss while I'm gone besides mom and phil, Natalie is really awesome and like me she's a total girlie girl, she loves shopping and most of all boys. When it comes to boys there's no time Natalie will back out in fact she's in it every second of her life. I was too busy with my thoughts and I didn't hear mom yelling at me to go down because apparently my life is crubling down starting right now.On the way to the airport I didn't spoke to mom, I'm still upset about this whole move thing and trust me I wouldn't mind moving but not with them. When we were at the gate phil hugged me goodbye and left giving me and mom a privacy." Sweety, I know you don't want this but once you get to know her and your father you'll like it." she told me while stroking my hair." Mom do you even know me ?" I asked her completely annoyed and angry." Look Angel honey, just because I hold a grudge to your father doesn't mean you have to hold the same grudge to him, I know you don't know a single thing about him or your sister, and you won't unless you give them a chance. I love you honey but please don't close your heart especially to them ok ? take care honey and please please don't be rude to your father especially to ur sister." Mom hugged me goodbye and left before I can reply or say anything.I borded to my plan wanting to punch something, after I sat in the plane i felt a little relax. What I didn't know is that my day is going to be much worse.
