(A/N) This story jumped into my head during economics last year and has refused to leave. Therefore I decided to just write it. I do not own Twilight, nor am I making any money of off this. Warning: This contains slash and transgender. If you have a problem with this DO NOT READ! I will not accept flames because you didn't read the warning.BPOVI wasn't hysterical because I thought this was a mistake. No I was hysterical because there was one little thing I had never told Edward. The fact that though I looked like a woman. I wasn't.Well, not completely. I had breasts after my surgery after my eighteenth birthday to get implants and I still take hormones everyday to look more feminine. But I still have a dick.I'm not sure how Edward will react to it since he has his Victorian standards and this is not something they would have approved of.The only people to know my secret are my father, mother and Alice. My father and mother for obvious reasons and Alice because she had seen it. She had been the one to convince me not to tell Edward because he would react badly. I could see now why she had said it. I had wanted to tell him on my eighteenth birthday but then he would have had an actual reason to leave me and never come back.Now I just needed the courage to do this and not chicken out. Well, no time like the present.Deciding to just get it over with I walked out of the house in just a towel. Edward had his back to me so he couldn't see me or my excited member. I slowly waded into the water until I reached him. The water coming to just under my breasts, hiding my member.He slowly pulled me to him but when I was flush against him he at me startled. Knowing he had felt my member I looked into his eyes, begging him to let me explain.EPOVI was waiting in the sea for my sweet, innocent Bella. I wanted this, maybe even more than she did, but it was so dangerous for her. I hoped I wouldn't hurt her. I could sense her coming up behind me. As she was beside me I pulled her against me. When she was completely against me however I felt something hard that wasn't mine and I immediately looked at Bella. What was going on here?"Explain." It was only one word but she seemed happy I was letting her explain. She sucked in a large breath before answering me."Since I was little I felt different. I didn't feel like I belonged in my body. When I was eleven we found out why. I turned out to be transgender. You see, I was born as a guy not a girl. Please don't think this changes anything, I still love you. I'm still the same Bella." I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Bella, my sweet innocent Isabella, wasn't really a woman? How could this be and why hadn't she told me this earlier?"I wanted to tell you sooner but Alice told me not to. That you would react badly and leave me. But now you know and now it's up to you, just know that I love you so very much."
