Disclaimer: Silver (Me): Do I own Twilight?Christine: Hell no!Silver: *sobs* Whyyyyyy?Christine: Because if you did, Eddie wouldn't exist, Bella wouldn't be a total prude, Jacob wouldn't imprint on a bloodsucker and all in all, twilight would be wayyyyyy better!Silver: *giggles* Thanks Chris! You know me so well! Love you too girlie!This chapter is based on a true story.The Arrival.Hello. Name's Christine Dauntless but everyone calls me Chris. No middle name. I'm 17 years old. I am from Greece and I am about to tell you my life story.I currently am on a plane with my mom, Lina (Greek name  from /). But first let's go back 17 years, when my mom was pregnant with me.Ares, my dad, never even cared.My mom didn't have it all easy. Something was wrong with her pregnancy, so she had to stay in bed and rest all the time. "Dad" was never there. He certainly didn't make it easy for her to be calm!He was out with c, probably fucking them. August 13th 1997 I was born.He never once took care of me.Every night I used to cry for him to stay. I used to beg him to stay with us. But no. He fought with mom. He told her these exact words every night: "What if I were a sailor and I were gone for months at a time? What would the kid do then?"And shut the door leaving mom and me with tears in our eyes. Me from emotional pain and mom from both anger and sadness.I believe that around that time I had had my first panic attack.We had no money. Mom had to work all day long. She had to go to three jobs, the one after the other. She couldn't catch a break! Me? I stayed with Grandma and Grandpa.They became my second parents. Grandpa more so, since I had no real father.That' not the end of the story though."Dad" once opened an illegal company. It made good money, but how is the question. He persuaded mom to put her name on the papers, to be the true co-leader instead of him.He wanted her to get in trouble if he ever got caught. You get it right? He wanted his fucking ass safe. Grandma though saw through his act and hired a lawyer to get her out.After huge efforts, she finally managed to do just that.Mom though ended up forgiving him. He truly has a way with words, I give him that! Ares took us to live at a huge mansion with the money he had earned from the company. It had a pool and I was so excited! I mean, I was four at the time, how could I not be excited?For a few months he was the perfect gentleman, but that didn't last long. He started leaving the house at night again. The house was completely isolated so mom was scared to death. Once some robbers got in the house. Mom was terrified. She called Ares and him, thinking that she was lying to get him to return home, hung up on her and never appeared. Thankfully, the robbers didn't manage to go further than the garage.I have no good memories with my dad. I don't even think that I have a dad. When anyone asks I just say that he is dead. Well can you blame me? He was gone at nighttime and at daytime he slept until past noon and in the afternoon went at "work". I only remember playing one game with him.We would hide under the covers and play the pirates! We avoided sharks and HUGE waves!That is truly the only good memory I have from him.A dreadful Christmas Eve, Ares packed up a suitcase with our clothes and kicked me and mom out. Mom tried to get in the house but he had changed fucking locks!We stayed with grandma and grandpa for about a month when he came back to mom begging for her forgiveness, swearing to God that he had changed. But do monsters ever change?Mom didn't see through it. She was nave. She once again forgave him and we bought another house to live in, since mom sternly refused to stay at that isolated mansion any longer.The last straw that made mom wake up and leave "dad" was when he brought his mistress home. Grandma had forgotten something there and she caught him red handed. She told mom and her and Ares got into a huge fight. His Mistress had broken my things, she had gone into my room! Ares didn't believe mom and took his Mistress' side. Somehow mom had finally had enough.I still remember the day mom told me that my daddy wasn't coming home. I was devastated. I truly loved him then! Since that day I couldn't sleep alone. I made mom and grandma squeeze into my bed and put me between them. I held on to them for dear life!Grandma had to leave at night, after I was asleep. She had a husband to return to! That wasn't easy though! She had to leave her clothes for me to smell and even then I jumped up as she was about to leave and I made her get back to bed.Areshe didn't even show up at court to try to win custody.He made it crystal clear that he wanted nothing to do with me, but I was young then and I didn't understand. I still had hope.Then he revealed me that I had an older half-brother, Dimitri. He was 15 years older than me and he wasn't MY mom's son, only Ares'. I've only seen him twice and that was 12 years ago. Mom says that he was just like dad: A complete asshole!My god parents? They're dead. Car accident. Mom says that they loved me though and that's enough for me! I guess that it was my fate to have no dad.My other grandparents, Ares' parents do not care about me. They haven't seen me in years! They just call me on my birthday. I guess that I am that annual phone call they have to make"Dad" took me once with him to visit them. They live near a mountain and according to Ares that was a good opportunity for me to learn skiing. He knew how to ski and he wanted me to learn too. He was too bored to teach me himself though. He hired a teacher and left me there while he went to have fun with his friends.At night he took me to a bar. A BAR! I was six for god's sake! SIX! He left me sitting alone while he flirted with many different women. His mistress once told my mom that she wanted to give me a sleeping pill to have me out of her way and he laughed. He fuckin' LAUGHED! He actually hadWhen we returned to our hotel, he didn't give me a blanket and there was snow outside. I was so cold, but I didn't dare to ask for a blanket. He had already told me that he didn't have one or should I better say that he didn't have ANOTHER one? He took one for himself only.The next day he and his pals went out to eat and I guess he had to take me with him. I felt like I was a burden to him. He gave me nothing to eat and I was way too shy to ask for somethingWhen I finally went home to mom, I had really high fever. Mom had to bath me in cold water a couple of times and was about to take me to the hospital!That was the last time I was left alone with him.When I was 8, my uncle Stelios (Greek name ), the oldest brother mom has, moved in with us. He was my father figure along with grandpa.Mom has two brothers Uncle Stelio () and Uncle Charlie. I loved them both to death, but Uncle Charlie moved to America, so I've only seen him a few times, during his short visits.I've never met his daughter Bella though!Me and mom moved a lot. I have changed 12 houses in total. The hardest year was 4th grade. I was 10 years old. Ares had stopped every contact with me and mom had to go to an island for work for a whole year.I stayed with my grandma. I was once again devastated. I made mom come to see me every week!When I was 11 my Uncle Stelios () got married with a slut. HeHe was never the same again. I mean He loved me and all but I couldn't help but feel like he had abandoned me. He had promised to visit a lot but I rarely talked to himWhen I was 12, I spoke to "dad" again after 2 years. He had promised to see me on Christmas but he quickly forgot and made plans with someone else. And I quote "A lady and a little girl" which in my vocabulary meant: "His new mistress and her daughter."I didn't speak to him again until I were 13. He fucking wanted to take me to a stripper club! Seriously? A STRIPPER club? Anyway I didn't go.That same year, our house was robbed and I saw it upside down. All of my things were either taken or broken! A month or so later, my grandpa, the closest thing I've ever had to a father almost died. He had a heart attack! I don't know what I would do if he had died God isn't cruel though and I truly am grateful for that!That year was when my panic attacks reappeared. I used to cry like a lunatic would and anything could tick it off! After a while, my sobs would turn into hysterical crazy laughter. My mom was worried sick and told me that she thought she was seeing scenes from a horror movieThe rest of the years that lead to this day were happy Thank God for that! Sooooo enough with all the depressing stuff!Some things about me?Well I am obsessed with fanfiction. Have been since I was 11! I spent 3 summers in my room reading fanfics! It was a phase I went through.When I was 15 I learned BMX-ing, skateboarding, breakdancing and parkour/free running!My classmates used to say that my last name was fitting.You get it right? Chris Dauntless? Dauntless as in Bravery?I just love taking risks! It's crazyyyy!Right now, me and mom are heading to America. We are meeting Uncle Charlie and his daughter Bella. That chick is catatonic because a dude left her! I mean What the fuck! Her mom loves her, Her dad loves her and she is beautiful! At least she has actually had a boyfriend! Me? Everyone thinks that I am a dipshit crazy nerd, because I actually get good grades! Nobody has ever even asked me out!About friends? I have had a few of those but they were sooo not my type Shy, non-talkative, nerdy guys/girls that are afraid of their shadow? Yep, sooooo not me!But a beggar cannot be selective!Anyway, I hope to find some friends in America.About Bella I want her out of her depression! That shit is pathetic! I always have and always will be disappointed in girls that fall into depression because a guy left them.I mean, she's 17! What did she think? That she would marry the guy?~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Time Skip~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ForksChris and her mom were heading to Charlie's house inside a taxi."Hey mom! How is the town called again? Spoons?"Mom laughed and put her arm around my shoulders."No honey! It is called Forks! Not Knives and definitely not Spoons!" she said while rolling her eyes."Oh ok!" I replied, while shrugging. Details DetailsThe taxi driver kept glancing at me through the rearview mirror. Did someone liked lil' ol' me? Well that's something new!We arrived at a small house. It wasn't much, but it had a homey feel to it. My mom paid the taxi driver and with one last glance at me he left. Huh! That was weird!Anyway, I picked up our suitcases since I was the "carrier" of our little family. I was strong and they made me carry everything since the age of 12. Grandpa, Grandma, Mom, Uncles and even Aunties!A man with a moustache opened the door a few seconds after mom knocked on it. He had black hair and dark brown eyes, mom's eyes.Oh how had I missed Uncle Charlie! I put the bags down and squealed"Uncle Charlie!" I run up to him and hugged him so hard that it must have been hard to breath! He just laughed and hugged me back."Hey there Chris! How are you doing kiddo?" He said when I finally released my death grip."I am doing good Uncle Charlie! I missed you so much! What about you? How are you handling stuff?" I asked him with a small sympathetic smile on my face. He looked really tired and sad. His eyes weren't twinkling anymore and he had dark circles under them. That was the moment I promised myself that I would do anything to make him happy during our stay there."Could be better kiddo, but I am really happy to see you!" He said while smiling brightly. I responded to his smile with one smile of my own, just as bright."Nice to know that I am loved guys!" Mom complained from behind me with a pout as she leaned against the doorway."Oh calm down Lin! You know that I love you!" Charlie said with a chuckle as he hugged his sister."Chris you will have to share a room with Bella and you Lin will have to share a room withuhwith me" He said as his face turned red.Mom just laughed and took our things into our new rooms. She didn't mind sharing a room with her big bro!She knows that I ain't gonna take the clothes out of the suitcase if she leaves it up to me. I really don't mind but apparently she does.It's like she has to deal with a teenage boy!"Sooo Uncle Charlie, when are we gonna go fishing?" I asked with an excited voice.Charlie's face literally lit up like a Christmas tree."Really? You still like fishing?""I absolutely love it Uncle! That and hunting as well!" I said."Grandpa taught me" I added after I saw his confused face.We sat on the sofa and started talking about fishing gear and fish. Mom came in once during our talk and as soon as she noticed what we were talking about she went upstairs in her room to surf the net. She thought that this kind of stuff was boring. WhateverIt was like 6 o'clock in the afternoon and we had just run out of things to talk about when I wondered where Bella was."Uncle Charlie? Where's Bella?" I asked, voicing my thoughts."Oh she's on the Rez with her childhood friend Jacob Black. He's Billy's kid. You know Billy Black? You've talked to him on the phone a few times. My best friend?""Oh yeah!" I exclaimed as I finally remembered who Billy was. He just loved talking on the phone with my Grandpa, they shared the same sense of humor and the same interests. Just like Gramps and Uncle C."Do you want to go meet them?" Uncle C. suggested."Sure why not? I know where La Push is and I'll just ask for the Black's house. I remember you once told me that Billy was Chief?"At his nod I continued."Then I'll find it with no problem!" I finished with a grin."Yes but how are you going to get there? You don't have a car!""Well, since it's not raining I'll run there!"Uncle looked at me with disbelief.I just laughed and went upstairs to get ready.I put on a pair of baggy sweat pants, a baggy T-shirt on which was written "BREAK DANCE" and the back was full off wholes. I put on a pair of Nike shoes, I brushed my waist length brown hair and put them into a messy ponytail.I was ready to go.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Time Skip~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~La Push, Chief Black's houseI had finally arrived! After half an hour of running and asking people where the Blacks lived, I finally reached my destination!I knocked the door and a man in a wheelchair opened it. "Must be Billy Black" I thought."Hello, can I help you?" He asked politely."In fact yes, you can! Are you Chief Black?"Hey guys! So did you like the idea? Do you think that I should continue it? This chapter describes the life of my best friend. I think that she is a hero. She has been through all that shit but she still has a smile on her face and gets the best grades. She is the bravest person I've ever met! I think that she's been through hell. Do you agree with me? I can't even imagine my life without my dad in it! That girl should have serious abandonment issues! Anyway, please be nice and review as much as you can! If you do, I will update REALLY soon! Let's make a deal ok? 15 reviews for the next chapter? You in?XoXo SilverDauntless
