Well hello again! I am back with a brand new story! I am so excited for this one. I have had the idea in my head for so long and now I am so happy to finally share it with all of you. I want to do some housekeeping first. Future author's notes wont be this long, but since it's the first chapter, I want to answer some questions I know will be asked. 1. This is a Daddyward / Olderward story and rated M for a reason.2. Edward is 38 and Bella is 24.3. Angst is of a minimum.4. No one is getting fired (that will make sense soon)5. I hope to update weekly.6. Right now this is looking to be 15 chapters.7. Story will be told on the third person.8. And of course, I own nothing, SM does, but the plot is mine, lol. Ok I think that's it, if more questions arise, I will answer them. This story is beta'd by Chandrakanta and the pretty banner was made me DeeBelle Onefic. Much love to both for their assist. Okay, let's get on with it!Chapter One"Daddy, where are my pink shoes?""Dad, I can't find my black sweater!""Good morning to the both of you too," Edward said to his daughters. "Maggie, your sweater is hanging in the laundry room and, Emmy, your pink shoes are by the front door where you left them.""Thanks, Daddy!" Emily squealed."Where's your sister?" Edward asked. "Sit and eat your breakfast before we're all late for school.""Kate is in the bathroom as usual," Maggie said with a mouthful of toast."Kate!" Edward shouted. "Let's go!""I'm coming," she said, running down the stairs and then taking a seat at the island next to her sister."I thought you were going to do better this year, Kate?" Edward said to Kate. "I need you to be ready to go earlier since you're driving Mags to school this year."Both girls groaned."Hey we talked about this," Edward reminded them. "I have to take Emmy to school clear across town, which means I should be leaving before you anywayand Kate, driving your sister to school this year was one of your conditions of getting your licensemight I remind you?""No, you don't have to remind me. I know, Dad," she said. "But what about the days when Garrett picks me up?"Garrett.The sound of his name off his daughter's lips made Edward's stomach turn. He finally understood how his parents felt when his little sister brought home her first boyfriend. Edward cleared his throat."Then I guess he's going to have to give Maggie a ride as well on those days.""Dad! Come on," Maggie spat. "I'd rather hitch hike than be around those two; all they do is make googly faces at each other. It's sickening.""You'll think differently when there's three feet of snow outside, Mags," Edward pointed out with a grin for his daughter. "Come on, girls, I really need both of you to not give me a hard time on this. Besides, isn't it better to ride in with each other? I could always limit Kate's driving to the weekends and then you both can ride to school with me.""No thank you," Kate snarled. "It's bad enough all the girls drool over you as it is, Dad.""Pardon me?" Edward questioned, raising his eyebrow in confusion."Oh please," Maggie piped in. "Everyone thinks you're hot, Dad. It's gross how many times a day I have to hear how hot my father is! I mean seriously?""Seriously," Kate added. "Not to mention how much they talk about your hair.""My hair?" Edward asked. "What about my hair?""Never mind," Maggie replied. "Come to think of it, riding with Garrett might not be so bad.""What does hot mean?" Emily asked, looking back and forth from Edward to her sisters for some clarity."It means good looking, Emmy," Kate explained. "Do you think Daddy is good looking?""No, he's just daddy." She giggled.Just daddy.Edward's three daughters laughed and he couldn't help but laugh himself. He sipped his coffee as he took in the sight that was across from him: his three little girls who weren't so little anymore.Katherine Elizabeth, or Kate as she now prefers, was Edward's oldest. She was 17 and about to start her senior year of high school. She had turned into a beautiful young woman. She had long wavy red hair and the greenest eyes. She was his athlete as she ran track and played field hockey. She was also a great student and Edward fully expected her to receive some sort of academic scholarship to college. Things always seemed to come easily for Kate: school, sports, meeting people. Much to Edward's dismay, a boy came into her life at the end of the last school year and Garrett had been around a lot over the summer, too much if you asked Edward. Kate meeting Garrett was kind of Edward's fault, so he knew he needed to suck that up. All in all, she was a good kid with a good head on her shoulders and Edward trusted her well, most of the time anyway.Maggie Grace was Edward's middle daughter who was 15. She's very quiet and doesn't like to share much about her life. Maggie was Edward's mini-me; out of all his daughters, Maggie looked the most like him. She used to have the same color hair as his own, a copper color, but it has been covered up with black hair dye. Her clothing was always dark and so were her drawings. Maggie loved art and Edward remembered a time when she used to draw him pictures almost every day, but not anymore. Her sketchbooks no longer consist of flowers and happy people, now it's just sadness. They used to be so close, but over the past few years it had been a challenge just to get her to sit down and talk. She spent most of her free time in her room or taking art classes. Sometimes Edward felt so helpless when it came to Maggie. He always let her know that he was there for her and he desperately hoped she kept that in her heart.And then there was Edward's baby girl, Emily Rose, or Emmy as he called her. She's only six and came as a big surprise, but she was the best kind of surprise. She's always happy, especially when she wears her pink tutu. She had long red hair like Kate and she spent her time dancing around the house. When Edward had a bad day, Emmy had a way of making him forget it all. Edward wished he could keep her at that age forever.For the past five years it had been Edward and his girls. He'd been a single father since that night in May when their lives were never the same. The night before Memorial Day, Edward's wife was killed in a car accident.Victoria and Edward met in college and fell in love hard and fast. About a year into dating, they found out they were pregnant. They had just graduated and Edward had just gotten his first teaching job. Nine months later, Kate was born, and just before her first birthday Edward and Victoria were married.They had a lot of happy years and then they just weren't happy. Things just changed between them, so much so that they did a trial separation. Edward moved in with his sister Lauren and her husband Seth, who happened to be Edward's best friend, for six months while he and Victoria tried to make things work. Lauren and Seth lived nearby, so Edward was able to still be close to the girls, but he hated being away from them. Finally, he and Victoria decided they would try harder for the girls and Edward moved back home. Emily was a result of that decision.After Victoria gave birth to Emily, she changed. She dealt with postpartum depression and she and Edward started fighting again, but they were still committed to their three girls. And right before Emily's first birthday, Victoria was gone. So there Edward was, 33 years old, left to raise his three daughters on his own, which is what he had been doing for the past five years. Edward had a lot of help, which he's grateful for. His parents helped out, mostly with looking after Emily, and he'd be lost without them and his sister. Even though she had a family of her own, she always made time to check on her big brother and was always there with support and an ear if Edward needed it."Okay, girls, let's get a move on. It's the first day of school and we can't be late, Edward said, reaching for his messenger bag and slinging it over his shoulder.Everyone got their respective book bags and headed out of the house. Edward got Emmy settled in her car seat and watched as Kate backed out of the driveway in her red Volkswagen Bug."All right, my girl, you have fun in first grade and Nana will be here to pick you up after school, okay?" Edward said, kneeling down to Emmy's level."Okay, Daddy," she said, tossing her arms around his neck. "I love you, Daddy.""I love you too, Emmy."Edward watched Emmy until she walked in the building and he couldn't see her anymore, and then he got back in his car. Edward made his way to Forks High School where another year of teaching Science would begin. Not only did he teach, but he was also the boys' soccer coach. Edward loved his job, and it was a plus that Kate and Maggie attended school at Forks as well; it made it easier to keep an eye on his teenage daughters, much to their dismay, he was sure. He parked his car in the teachers' lot and smoothed out his black slacks before grabbing his messenger bag from the back seat.Edward must not have been paying attention when he bumped into something... or someone? He looked down and saw books and a bag similar to his own scattered on the ground. Then his eyes landed on the roadblock in question."I am so sorry," she apologized.As he looked down, he saw someone crouched down on the ground, and even though he couldn't see her face, he could see her legs and how long they appeared to be. Edward pulled his head out of his ass and cleared his throat"It's okay," he said, kneeling down. "Besides, I think I crashed into you."It was then that she looked up at him with her big brown eyes and smiled. She then inhaled a breath and looked back down to the ground, scrambling to gather her fallen things. She had the most beautiful brown eyes Edward had ever seen; they were deep pools of chocolate with some flecks of gold. Edward helped her gather her things and then they both stood up. Edward thought about how tiny she was; he completely towered over her. He had never seen her before, she looked young, could she be a new student? He hoped not because then he was going to hell for looking at her like a teacher should never look at a student."Um thanks, and sorry again," she said and then hurried inside.Edward shook his head and headed in the building himself, trying not to look at her ass when she walked away from him. It had been a long time since he looked at anyone's ass.Edward walked into the main office to sign in and then headed over to the mailboxes to check for any mail."Well, hello, Mr. Cullen, welcome back," Mrs. Cope said as she walked up to him."Thank you, Mrs. Cope, nice to see you. Did you have a nice summer?" he asked her."Oh yes, most of it spent with the grand babies," she replied. "Oh, Mr. Cullen, have you met Miss Swan, our new English teacher?"Edward turned around to see who she was talking about and his eyes landed on the girl he had bumped into, but now he stood corrected, she was clearly not a girl. She turned around when she heard her name, and when she looked at Edward her eyes widened."Uh, well, we kind of bumped into each other outside," Edward said, looking at her. "Hi, I'm Edward Cullen."Edward extended his hand to her, and when she took it, her hand was so small in his own. Edward couldn't help but notice how soft her skin was."Isabella Swan," she replied shyly. "Well, Bella... I prefer Bella.""Bella," Edward repeated. "It's nice to meet you; so, English, huh? Is this your first year teaching?" He couldn't help but wonder how old she was."Well then, I'm going to let you two get acquainted," Mrs. Cope said as she walked back to her spot behind the counter. Bella and Edward stood there quietly before she cleared her throat."Um, no," she started. "I've been teaching for a couple years now... but this is my first year in Forks... obviously since I'm new, which I'm sure you already concluded." She looked down at her feet and then slowly back up at his eyes. "What do you teach?""Science," Edward answered. Then their conversation was interrupted by the bell. "Well, I guess that's our cue," Edward said. "Maybe I'll see you around sometime with it being a small school and all.""Sure," she replied. "See you around."Edward walked out of the office and headed down to his classroom. He found himself wanting to talk to her again. He had been so preoccupied with his girls over the past five years that there hadn't been much time to focus on a girl for him. Edward hadn't dated at all since Victoria. He didn't know how the girls would react to that notion, but it never came up. Truth be told, he was a single father and that was a lot for anyone to accept. It was easier to just leave things to his hand.On his way to his room, Edward saw Kate a few feet ahead of him, holding hands with Garrett. He grumbled and walked into his room full of rowdy seniors."Settle down, everyone," Edward said, dropping his bag on his desk and grabbing his plan book. He moved to stand in front of his desk, and when he looked up at the class, he noticed the whole front row was filled with girls. Edward remembered the conversation with his daughters this morning and just shook his head. This was going to be a long year."Okay, so welcome to Advanced Biology," he greeted. "I'm Mr. Cullen and I hope you're all ready for a year of dissections and blood." Most of the kids groaned and it made him laugh. Same reaction every year.~ RoL ~Later that afternoon, as Edward drove home from soccer practice, his mind was focused on Bella. She was so beautiful in an awkward type of way, but he found himself also thinking about how sexy she was. He wondered if she even realized that herself. He felt his dick twitch in his track pants and he had to shift in his seat to make it calm down. It had been so long since a woman turned him on that he almost forgot what it was like to be hard as a result of a woman, not just his hand.This was not good.Edward had to focus on his daughters. It was not good timing. Emily was only six years old, and with two teenagers, that was too much to ask anyone to take on. Edward didn't want any woman he was interested in to think he was only looking for a mother for his girls. Yes, he wished there was a mother figure in their lives, especially Emily because she had missed the most with Victoria, but again it was too much.Edward pushed those thoughts out of his head as he pulled up in his driveway. He grabbed his bag and headed into the house. The girls were already home and his mother met him at the door."Hey, honey, I'm on my way out," she said."I can see that," he replied. "Thanks for picking Emmy up.""No problem," she said. "Always happy to help, but I have to be on my way; your father is waiting for me to go to a benefit for the hospital. There's a casserole in the oven. Take it out in 30 minutes.""Thanks again," Edward said, kissing her cheek.He walked in the house to find Emmy sitting on the couch watching cartoons."Hey, pumpkin," he said, sitting down next to her. "How was your first day of school?""It was great, Daddy. I love my teacher," she said, hugging me."That's great, glad you had a good day.""Did you have a good day, Daddy?""I did, yes," Edward replied with a smile. "Now, where are your sisters?""Kate is in her room, on the phone with Garrett," Emily said. "She's been on the phone since we got home and Maggie is outside on the deck.""So the usual," he said. "Do me a favor, Emmy?""What, Daddy?""Never grow up," Edward answered, kissing her forehead.About an hour later, after Edward showered, he and the girls were eating dinner at the table and the conversation was light."So, did everyone have a good day?""Yeah," Kate said."I guess," Maggie replied."Okay," Edward said. Clearly no one wanted to elaborate. "How are your teachers this year? I mean, I know they can't be all as good as your dear old dad... but""Mine are cool," Kate said. "Except all the girls in my Chem class wished they had you and not Mr. Banner. I heard that all class.""I see," Edward said, still not understanding the idea that the girls thought he was 'hot.' "Maggie, how about you?"She looked up at her father and shrugged her shoulders. "I guess my English teacher is kind of cool; she's new, so she's still trying."Her words hit Edward.New English teacher."Oh yeah? What's her name?" he asked, trying to act casual."Miss Swan," Maggie replied."Oh, yeah... I uh I met her this morning. She uh... seems nice," Edward said, clearing my throat."I guess," she replied."Dad, you okay?" Kate asked with a grin."Yeah, why?""Because your whole mood shifted when Mags mentioned Miss Swan," she replied."I was uh... just curious if the new teacher was liked by the students... I mean, I was new, too, years ago, so I know what it's like to be new and I just...""Okay, Dad, jeez, come up for air. We get it," Kate snickered."What do we get?" Emmy asked."Nothing, Emmy," Edward replied, hoping to silence the conversation that he brought up.Later that night, after all three girls were in bed, Edward lay in his own bed unable to sleep. Bella was Maggie's teacher, so that just made things even worse. It was clear that Miss Swan and Edward could only be co-workers, but those damn legs of hers were going to be the death of his dick.Truth be told, it was going to be a long year. One day down, only a hundred and seventy-nine to go.So there's the first chapter, hope you liked it. For those outside of the US wondering, a typical school year here is 180 days. Let me know what you think, I love to hear all your thoughts. Pictures of Edward's daughters, among others, will be posted on my FB group page, Awish's Fanfiction. Come check it out.See you next week.Much Love.XOXO
