 A/N: Ok I wanted to start something new, since my heart just wasn't in my former story which I had deleted. So I've got to reading stories where Bella has grown close to the Cullen family in which they see her as a daughter, or sister most of those were short, or one-shots. This is all canon couples. In this I wanted to show where Bella starts to experience an actual family. Bella is a bit OOC, but I wont drift to off the plot. I'm planning squeeze in New Moon also, but MUCH more further in. I won't have Renesmee in this, just to let you know. Ok this is long. This is just a background on whats been going on with Bella before going back to Forks, so sorry if you get bored to death.Disclaimer: Don't own anything. Everything belongs to Stephanie Meyer. Song: Red Sky by ThriceI will never be able fully comprehend my life. If that's what you can call it.Isabella Marie Swan, age 17 born on September 13, 1987, to Renee and Charlie. She felt confused. About everything.5% grace5% pageant10% music25% nomad55% numbBut yet she wonders where is the part that tells how much is real? Where does it say how much humanity she holds? No cause she's not human she's hollow. Completely empty and emotionless inside. Void is what she is. Void of any feeling. Void of comprehension. Void of being human.Yes, I am Void. But I prefer Bella. At the ripe age of 4 my womb carrier had put me in dance to avoid being clumsy, but I had my moments. She had also signed me up for pageants throughout every year. The woman that holds none of my positive regards had later placed me in music lessons for guitar, piano, singing, cello, violin, saxophone, and to learn to read music (Not that I remember how to play all of them that well). Later on for every six months the witch made me learn a language so I can speak English, German, French, Italian, Russian, Spanish, Hebrew, Portuguese, Dutch, and Swahili(I loved the Lion King). I had to visit all those countries, excluding the Latin for obvious reason, for week or less for five years. Renee didn't give a damn though the only thing she cared about was me reaching perfection. Whatever that means.Now my sperm donor had never cared he would smack me around 'just cuz' he felt like it or 'just cuz' he didn't want to be near me but that was just how Charlie was.The question that is most likely lingering in your head is why? Why did the horror show made you do all those things? Why are you lonely?etc. etc.Renee had the belief that she can create the perfect child. I was her lab rat. She wanted to have something to brag and boast about. Charlie on the other hand didn't give jack about anyone or anything that is if you happen to exclude fish, beer, and his friends down at the reservation. Charlie knocked Renee up in high school at some alcohol infested party. I`m a failed abortion, so they couldnt get rid of me. Being the small town that Forks is, rumors went around and soon they got married not out of love but purely because my grandparents threatened to cancel their trust funds.With that knowledge you can figure out I never saw that parental love for their child shine through my producers eyes. No I only saw the anger, frustration, annoyance, aggravation, and greed.But no, never love.Renee soon got sick of Charlie and left with me in the backseat studying morse code waiting for the new location I'm forced to call home. From then on we traveled from cities, to states, to countries. Pageants, contests, music concerts, anything to get cruella deville satisfied. I had gotten money from winning, placing, or simply because I participated, but it all went to my account. Away from Renee. Cruella soon met Phil. Someone who made me cower away from the way he looked at me. I told Renee and she thought I was just doing it for attention, but months after they got married the repulsive man touched me. He. touched. me. That disgusting, horrible memory still manages to bring tears to my eyes. I cried myself to sleep that day. I told Renee in the morning...I got one hell of a beating.When I came back from school the next day, all my belongings were packed and a plane ticket to Forks was shoved in my hand. Before I boarded the plane to the dreary town, Ms. Hannigan gave me a discreet slap to the face, and I never faced or contacted my mother since then.Charlie and I had never acknowledged each other. Ever. He was just some guy I lived with. He was never home and if he was, then I was up in my room undisturbed. It didn't really hurt when he died. Yeah, he died halfway through living with him. Long story short, he died on impact.Charlie's will was immediately given to me after I got emancipated. It was pretty easy to convince the judge. I had a lot of money from my trust fund, college fund, Charlie's money, and the money in my account, not to mention I was a straight A student. Once I told him that Renee abandoned me, and Charlie was neglectful, and never there, the judge was convinced I can make my own mature decisions. I've been making them anyway.That September I turned 15 so once October hit I went traveling. I lived in Germany for three months, France one month, Italy a month and a half, Greece two months, Israel half a month, Uganda a week, I went back to Israel the rest of that month, Russia one month, Netherlands the next month, I then went to Italy one week, then France for another week, then Switzerland for the rest of the month, when that month ended it was once again October, I was 16 and had officially traveled for a full year. I went back to Germany that week for a one year anniversary kind of thing. I knew when that week ended I would be leaving Europe, and going to South America to see new places, but I was still high on nostalgia. I took many pictures and videos everywhere I went, I savored every moment. I let a few tears slip as I said goodbye to the country where my life started, I said goodbye to the countries that I visited, or passed through. I was sad that I was living this side of the world, the knowledge that I had one last year of traveling, before going back to Forks was very prominent now.But I made a promise to myself. A promise that would bring me back to the dull town after my two year anniversary of traveling. I would be 17 and a junior. I would get back on track and focus on my studies, and hopefully have more of a chance at receiving a scholarship. I mean I have money but not to pay for college and take care of myself. I do online schooling right now, and I do work so I wont run out of money, I mean instead of flying I take trains to places around Europe. When I was leaving Israel the first time I took a bus to the closest place I could get to Uganda which is not much but cheaper by taking a short flight trip, then I did the same going back to Israel. When going to Russia I paid full price for the plane ticket, and the same for going to the Netherlands from their I took trains again if not then a bus. I also stayed at cheap hotels and motels, or an inn. For food I got things that were healthy and could last me long, but was a reasonable price.As for work, I would babysit, sing or play an instrument at places, cook for people, I've cleaned a house maybe once or twice, I got payed to read to kids at bookstores, I've walked dogs, or took care of peoples pets when they were out for the weekend, helped a few people garden, and I was tutor for a few subjects, I even helped people when they got problems with technology, I did those small things. I didn't really work at a place officially. Either way, whatever I did I got paid a good enough price, and helped me so much that I got to put aside money so when I get back and have my drivers license I can buy a new car.When I left Germany, I took a flight to Brazil, and I stayed there until November, from there I went to Argentina where I stayed until January, that month I went to Chile, and Peru, Ecuador and Columbia in February, Panama and Costa Rica in March Honduras and Nicaragua in April. I then went to Jamaica and Dominican Republic on May til mid June. Then the Bahamas and Miami til August. From Miami I went to New Orleans where I stayed for my birthday and got my license, then left to Houston for the rest of September.Then October had came, and I wanted to cry. I flew over to San Francisco, and I made the most of my second anniversary, and last week of freedom from the the town full of worthless memories. On my last day of being Forks Free, I went to a car dealership and bought a black Range Rover, that I fell in love with. I packed up my belongings, and placed them in my car, and drove to the place I dreaded, where my childhood was taken away, where I learned I had to grow up, and do things myself, where my mother had left me for good, where my father died. Where everything began.Yes, I drove to Forks, Washington.A/N: I want to know what you think, or what you think should happen.Please Read and Review!I'm open to ideas, so I would like to know them. Goodbye andLights Out!
