Hi you guys! I hope you like this Twilight fic!Massachusetts- 1780"Elizabeth dear! Be careful on your way to the market! There is a shortage on cabbage and everyone is running there like Washington is present!" Mother shouted from the dining room, her graying hair scattered all over her face. "I'm assuming you went there today mother?!" I said with a bright smile, grabbing my basket.I could hear her mumble as she cleaned the dining room table. I shook my head with a quiet chuckle then I walked out of my home."Oh goodness!" I jump, as a horse drawn cart speeds by me. "My apologies Miss Elizabeth!" The horseman yelled, trying to control his horse."It is alright Mister Jones!" I holler back, making my way to the busy market place.Mother was not joking when she said people were rushing to the market. There were women and men alike running along the cobblestone street with their children in one hand and a basket in the other."I guess the war is limiting the amount of vegetables in the colonies." I thought, carefully avoiding people in a hurry.Pulling my shawl down , I walked over to the flower stand."Ah Miss Elizabeth! How are you this afternoon?!" Missus Stanford asked, organizing some of her roses. Missus Kate Stanford was the towns "old bull". She may be a polite elderly woman, but she will give anyone a mouthful if they cross her."I'm great Missus Stanford, just looking for some flowers to brighten up my home. This war is taking a toll on mother and father greatly." I reply, putting my basket down.Suddenly there was an outburst and I looked over to see the townspeople burning a large straw figure of the English king."It is taking a toll on all of us." The woman replied solemnly. "Anyway! How about some marigolds?! They are bright enough to light a dark room!""Sounds lovely." I smile, watching Missus Stanford collect some flowers."Now tell me Elizabeth. Are you still seeing that Garrett fellow?" My cheeks turn a bright pink and I clear my throat. "Yes I am...just not of late. He's been doing some work in New York.""Be careful with that one! Always so adventurous! Like my late husband Edger!" She sighed. "What'r you talking about woman! I'm still alive and right here!" An old man said, handing out carrots.I cover my mouth to stifle my giggles. "I'm trying to dramatic you old coot! Anyway dear, be careful. You are in your prime age for marriage." She said wisely, putting my flowers in the basket."I will keep that in mind!" I reply, taking my basket. "Have a good day Missus and Mister Stanford!" They waved and I walked off.Instead of going back home, I decided to take a quick walk through the fields. I run my hands through the tall grass and sigh contently. I couldn't help but feel a little guilty knowing that I was happy...but others weren't. The war killed so many sons, husbands, fathers, and brothers."One day, this will be over and everyone will settle down and children will pop up like daisies!" I laugh, starting to walk through the tall corn walls.I hum quietly then stop dead in my tracks when I hear a rustle to my left. There was no way it could be the wind. The air was silent.I walk briskly towards the end of the corn wall when suddenly someone grabbed my wrist and pulled me towards them."Leave me alone you heathen!" I shouted, hitting my attackers chest roughly with my eyes closed."Oomf! Good to know that you can defend yourself kitten." A strained voice wheezed. I slowly open my eyes to meet deep brown ones."G...Garrett?" I whisper in slight shock.He gave me his most charming smile, the one all of the women swoon over, but not me."Miss me Lizzy?" He askedAnger bubbled up inside me and I started to hit his chest again. "Garrett...Williams...you...are...such...an...idiot!" I emphasize, each word with a hit. "You almost gave me a heart attack, and on top of that you haven't sent me a letter in MONTHS. I thought of the worst and...I was so scared! I though-"He pulled me into his arms and stroked my chestnut colored hair. It was then I realized that I was crying."I know you're upset, and for that I'm sorry...but I'm here now Elizabeth." He comforted me.With a sniffle I pulled back slowly and looked up at him. My soldier. The love of my life."How did you even know I was here?""Well, I saw you from the distance and...the rest is history." He grinned, holding my hand."Well try to be more civil on your approach next time Mister Williams!" I laugh. "How long are you here for?""Just until sunrise. My troop of men and I are heading out to seek General Washington." He replied.I pick up my flowers carefully then look back at him. "Knowing you, you must be starving. Would you like to come to my home for dinner?"His smile grew and he placed my arm in his. "You know me very well Miss Jackson!"Mother greeted Garrett with open arms, father greeted him as well, but something in his welcome was odd. Pushing that aside mother made her famous pot roast with potatoes and carrots. We all ate until our bellies were full and spirits were high.As the moon started to rise I walked outside into my backyard and gazed up into the sky."Things are slowly starting to get better." I smile."Of course Kitten." I turned around to see Garrett, his hands in his coat."Why, hello Mister Williams." I smile. "Did you get enough to eat?"He chuckled. "Oh yes. I swear, I think your mother is trying to fatten me up so I can't fight off the lobster backs.""She's a loyalist, didn't you know?" I joked, walking over to a bench. He grinned and sat down next to me.We sat there in silence, just looking at the bright moon. If I could, I'd sit here forever with him.After a while Garrett broke the silence. "Lizzy? Is there anything you would change about yourself?" He asked randomly. I looked at him oddly and shrugged. "Oh uh...no I don't think so.""Well I'd change something." He said seriously.I frowned and felt a little offended."Your last name, and that is what I intend to do." He got down in front of me and pulled out a box."Elizabeth Jackson...I love you so much. It amazes me how a beauty like you, would love a raggedy soldier like me. So would you do me the honor and...be my kitten...for the rest of my life?" He opened the box to reveal a small ring with a gold band and shining diamond.I gasped and covered my mouth. Tears streamed down my face. "Oh Garrett...yes...yes!" I cried. He put the ring on and twirled me around happily. "You have made me the happiest man alive!" He shouted. Garrett put me down then kissed me. "When I come back, we will have an extravagant wedding! Then...we can start our own family!"I giggled and nodded. "Of course my love!"Father and mother came out with large smiles. "Oh my daughter is finally engaged!" Mother cried, wiping her eyes with her hand cloth. "I couldn't be happier! Do you know how hard it was for me to not say anything!" Father chuckled."That is why you were acting all cross!" I gasped."That is right!" He laughed.Garrett held my hands and kissed them. "I cannot wait to spend my life with you." He whispered.I kissed his forehead. "Neither can I..."Month laterIt was a rainy afternoon and I stroked my ring gently while sitting outside. I missed Garrett terribly, but I knew he was fighting for a cause he believed in. "I hope you are out there and safe..." I whisper.After a while I heard the door open to reveal my mother. All color seemed to be drained from her face."Mother are you alright?!" I say, standing up. "No! Sit back down dear..." She said, shaking slightly. I sit back down on the bench and mother sits next to me."The leader of Garrett's regiment came over just now..." She began.I nod slowly, watching her fiddle with her cloth."They found his troops in a field...all dead." She whispered.My heart shatters and I lost the ability to breath correctly. "B...but Garrett wasn't there...his body wasn't there...""They found his coat...drenched with blood, and nearby...there were wolf tracks.""Oh god no!" I screech, falling on my knees. "No...please...not my Garrett." I cry silently, into my hands. Mother held me in her arms and cried along with me.My world crashed and all happiness was drained from my body.Few months laterOut of the blue I became deathly ill. It happened so suddenly. From a small cough to hacking up blood three times a day. I was propped up against a few pillows and my blanket was draped over me. I looked out my window weakly and slowly touched my ring. Garrett was always with me...and soon enough, I'd be by his side.Just as I was about to close my eyes there was a bright blinding light. I looked up to see a man with golden hair and bright blue eyes. "How did you get in here...who are you?" I croak.He smiles and holds my hand. "My name is Zadkiel. I am a servant of the lord himself.""An..angel?" He nods and strokes my hair gently. "God has quickly drained you of your life for a higher purpose.""Mmm?" I groan."He want's you to be one of his heavenly servants. He has chosen YOU to help lead people to the gates of heaven. To help poor suffering souls find peace." He said with a smile.I thought about it and smiled faintly. If I did this, I could see Garrett."Yes...I accept."Zadkiel smiles brightly and places his hand on my forehead. A soft light engulfs me and I close my eyes. There was no more pain...
