TransitioningSummary: Bella wanted to break away from her boring life. She wanted something new and different. But will she make the right choice for change when a mysterious man forces one on her.Chapter 1. ChoiceMy heart hammered in my chest as I scurried from street lamp to street lamp, in a hurry to get back to my apartment just a few blocks away. I was working late at the Dusty Shed, a small up and coming pub in Bedford, New York.I moved to New York three months ago, in search of something better. Nothing specific, just something better than the no-Starbucks town I grew up in  Forks. Just the name sounded so vanilla and boring. I wanted a more extreme life; not so safe and sound and sheltered.I needed more.I woke up one day out of the blue and decided that the life I was living wasn't enough. I needed a change. Quick.I am a 23 year old woman and had to fight my father tooth and nail about moving to New York. He just kept asking me 'why?'. Why New York of all places? Why somewhere so busy? Truth was I didn't choose to come here. Not exactly. I put a couple states as far away from Washington as I could get without being totally cut off in a hat and just  picked.Lo' and behold, I end up here. A frightened little mess on a dark street jumping at the sound of her own footsteps. But I wouldn't turn back. Not now. Not ever. I was going to follow through for once in my life.But  I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach. A bad feeling. A hair hair-raising intuition that told me that I wasn't actually alone on this barely-lit street. I felt like I was being watched. My nerves had always had a talent for getting the better of me, but this was  something else.I felt it. On my back, on my front  all around me. I was in trouble. My 'Spidey Senses' were tingling, if you will. And as I gratefully turned the corner onto my street  my apartment window winking at me in the close distance  everything around me, my salvation, whirled away from me in a blur of color, until finally; no more colors, no more salvation.Darkness.Everything went black as I felt a tiny prickle at the back of my neck, then a painful grasp at my flesh. It felt like I was being jabbed over and over again with a pair sharp scissors until I could no longer feel a thing. I went numb and sagged to the ground. The cool asphalt finding my face in a painful drop.Over the loud thudding in my ears and the whistling sound of unconsciousness pulling me under, I could have sworn I heard a repentant, "What have I done?" close to my ear as I finally let the dark take me over...A bad dream. It was a bad, bad, bad dream, I repeated over again as I stirred myself from unconsciousness. Avery bad dream. Of course.But  it wasn't.It was cold, damp all around me, but where I lay was soft as cotton. It was an odd combination. I tried to pry my heavy eyelids from each other with no success. I tried to grab for something to cover my shivering body with  no dice. I couldn't move. For a moment I thought I was in a very life-like dream. I was caught in it. I attempted to push my way out with no such luck.It's not a fucking dream you moron! My subconscious tried to reason with me. It apparently knew something that I didn't.As I became more and more aware, I realized that I still wasn't alone. I heard hard, heavy breaths. Almost like someone was crying. But that couldn't be right."What have I done? Oh God, oh God! God, please, what have I..."More crying. It was a soft feminine sniffling. It wasn't until the sniffling turned into shaking sobs that I realized it was me. I tried to quiet but couldn't. The pleading voice from earlier stopped his mantra of "Oh God" and "What have I done".I heard a rustling coming nearer and closer until it stopped right next to me."Are you okay?" a man's voice asked quietly, pleadingly. "I-I mean, no, of course you're not. Fuck. I-I didn't mean to  I didn't mean to hurt you, I swear. Please, please open your eyes. Please."It was like my body was programmed to respond to the strange man with the whispering velvet voice because at his request my eyes shot open with barely a push from me.For a moment everything was blurry and unfocused. I stared up at the blurry figure above me, his features slowly coming into focus. His dark auburn hair was such a stark contrast to his alabaster skin. I forced my eyes to focus on the colors, reigning in my brain cells, getting them in order. The dizziness I felt started to wean away when I met his forest green eyes, staring down at me with enough heat and intensity to snap me back to reality.I moved  finally. I sat up lazily. My arms too weak to hold my weight I fell back against the headboard behind me. Every bone in my body shook, every nerve vibrating."Wh-," I tried to speak but the sound caught in my throat. I coughed and tried again. No sound came up. My throat was closed."Oh!" he gasped. "Do you need water, or  something?"I shook my head quickly. I wouldn't take anything from this strange flustered man who I am pretty positive abducted me off the street.Images flashed in my head. They didn't make sense. A dark street, a rush of color and wind. Pain. So much pain. I felt the back of my neck, the searing pain returning once I remembered to feel it. It was like I was living in another world.I couldn't put two and two together.I traced my fingers along the back of my neck feeling a soft cloth covering the source of the pain.Everything went black as I felt a tiny prickle at the back of my neck, then a painful grasp at my flesh. It felt like I was being jabbed over and over again with a pair sharp scissors until I could no longer a feel a thing. I went numb and sagged to the ground. The cool asphalt finding my face in a painful drop."Oh," I gasped moving my other hand to feel the scrapes and bumps along my right cheek from when I fell after  "Did  did you stab me?"How am I alive?The strange man widened his eyes in terror. "Of course not! I-I ...I bit you," he sighed, shame coloring his features. He dropped his head at the incredulous look pulling at my sore face."You  bit  me?"That couldn't be right. I was in pain, but I was alert. I was scared but I was calm. I was in two different worlds. My mind a cluster-fuck of 'what the fuck?'."Yes." He nodded sitting slowly down beside me on the large bed. I looked down at the short gap between us noticing for the first time the blood. It seemed liked gallons of it surrounding me. But it couldn't be mine. How could I be alive?!My breathing picked up and I was a hair away from a panic attack. My throat closed further around my breaths as the man dropped his head onto his knees and took a shuddering inhale of musky air."I didn't mean to. I know that doesn't make up for what I did, but  you have to understand. I had no control! I tried to avoid you, fuck, for weeks I have tried to avoid you, but you're everywhere. Fucking everywhere. My own personal piece of hell sent to tempt and torture me. I tried to resist, but... I am weak."I didn't know what to say, what to do. How to react. My mind was confused, my emotions even more so. I got my breathing regulated, but still said nothing as the man blubbered into his knees, his large long fingers wrapped around his head, his folded body rocking from side to side.Finally after what seemed like hours of watching a grown man cry, he lifted his head and stared at me in bewilderment."Why are you just sitting there?" he whispered. "Why aren't you screaming? Why aren't you running? Are you senseless?"Even if my burning throat would allow me to speak, I honestly didn't know what I could say. Why wasn't I screaming bloody murder and running for the hills? Was I senseless? I sure felt like it. One part of my mind was telling me to do what any other person would :RUN!But another part of my mind was nailing me to the spot, covered in gashes, scratches and what seemed like all the blood in my body.Running and screaming would be the logical thing to do. Apparently I wasn't logical.He sighed, shaking his head and standing up. "For three weeks, three unbearable weeks, you have tormented me. My first sight of you in that piece of shit pub. I saw you through the window, letting that lumberjack of a man have it for stuffing money down your shirt. You were sure chatty then," he chuckled bitterly, "completely laying him out like that. I was entranced and without really thinking about it, I walked in. And then I smelled it. You. Your  Devil Come Hither scent hit me like a slap across the face. It was all I could do not to jump you and rip you apart right there. I ran out of there like a bat out of hell and did my damnedest not to cross your path again. But, no! You had to be everywhere, didn't you? Every damn corner I turned, there you were. Taunting me."He glared at me, wiping the tears that spilled during his rant from his cheeks. "For centuries I have abstained from what I crave most. A never ending lent; paying a debt I had no control over obtaining. And I was finally feeling free of the weight on my shoulders. Then you. You had to make an appearance." He got close to my face, studying me like a caged lion in the zoo."Tell me, are you the devil? Are you here to punish me for my wrongs? Because if I am going to hell, please, just take me already!"I shook my head, rolling over everything he said in my head. Centuries? Devil Come Hither scent? Rip me apart? If anyone was the devil in this room it wasn't me."Then why? Why aren't you reacting in some normal human way? Again, I must ask. Are. You. Senseless?"Yes. I must have been.I swallowed thickly, wincing at the scratchy burn igniting a fire in my throat. The emotional roller coaster of a man sighed heavily and left the room, only to return less than 20 seconds later with a tall glass of water. I turned away from it, but he wasn't having that. He grabbed my chin sternly yet gentle and forced my mouth open. He dumped the room temperature tap water into my mouth, covering my mouth with his hand, making me swallow it down.I gasped in a breath then took the glass from his hands, downing the rest in three harsh gulps. I was ravenous. But  not for water. Something else. I just didn't know what.I dropped the glass down on the bed and took in a deep breath asking the question that had been nagging at me. Oddly, I wasn't worried about why he bit me, or even how he is centuries old. I figured he was just crazy and I was fucked.Instead I asked, "How am I not dead?" I looked around at the blood splattered comforter then back into the eyes of the obviously unhinged man before me.He looked at me in such a way that turned my bones to ice and made my skin break out in goose bumps. Pity and foreboding covered his face and shined through his eyes. He opened his quivering lips and muttered two words that sent me reeling into more confusion and doubt."You are.""I  what? No." I shook my head dismissing the statement and moving away from the crazy man to the other side of the bed. I curled up against the bedpost and stared at him in stunned wonderment.He had to be crazy. He had to be. I was breathing, talking, and fully, well maybe not fully, functional.He cocked his head to the side, again studying me and stepped closer to me with a quizzical look."It has been so many years, so many centuries since I was in your position. I don't quite remember how I felt or how I reacted. Perhaps your lack of reaction has something to do with the transition..." he trailed off, his eyes unfocused, like he wasn't there anymore. He looked puzzled for a moment before returning back to the present, his eyes meeting mine."Yes, I suppose it would make sense. You're still human, but  you're not as well." He nodded seemingly pleased with his epiphany."I am human," I argued. "Have been my whole life.""Yes, but now you are transitioning into a new life. It would explain the complete lack of emotion. I have heard stories about the mind shutting the human side out just enough so that the monster can adjust, but I've never seen it for myself. It's astonishing.""Monster?" I repeated slowly, testing the word. For some reason it did not feel foreign on my lips.He looked at me with sorrow and apology in his eyes. "I'm sorry. That was the wrong word to use. I sometimes forget my people skills," he chuckled humorlessly. "Not a monster. Not yet. A being between two worlds? Does that suit you better?"I couldn't take anymore. I felt sick to my stomach and my throat was burning something awful. With unsteady limbs I scooted off the bed and landed on the floor in a heap. The strange man was at my side in a second. Literally, a second. I couldn't even begin to ponder how he moved so quickly.Maybe I was going insane. Maybe my father was right about little girls who left home. They turned into cuckoo birds. Savages."You're weak. You need food to build up some strength," he murmured close to my face as he lifted me bridal style and carried me from the room. I noticed that the further we got away from that room, the less the burn flared in my throat, and the clearer my head became.He walked with quick steps to a room down the hallway. It was another bedroom with all the furnishings, minus the blood. He set me down on the small bed with my back against the headboard, propped up lazily. I couldn't seem to find the energy to sit properly."I will get you something to eat. It isn't what you're craving, but you'll need the energy if you're going to be able to make the right decision for yourself."Before I could ask what he was talking about, he was gone. I sighed and looked around the room, again wondering at my strange behavior to such a dire situation. He said it had something to do with the transition.Transition to what? A monster? Or a 'being between two worlds'?Just as I thought the preposterous words, a smell wafted through the cracked door and a wave of nausea hit me like a ton of bricks sending me reeling and scraping at anything I could dig my bunt nails into. I gagged, hard. Nothing came up. The burning in the back of my throat intensified. The strange man returned with a cup in his hands. It was a clear glass that carried the awful smell. It was filled to the brim with  no. No way. It couldn't be.Is that "Blood?" I asked in shock.Before he could answer I was up and off the bed, dragging my aching body over to him. I snatched the cup from his hands, spilling some down my arm in my haste. I tried to stop myself, I really did, but I couldn't. The glass was at my lips in a second and I was gulping down the thick vital fluid like it would be my last drink on this earth. When it was empty and I was pulling in nothing but rancid air, I dropped the glass and savagely attacked the spilled remains on my arm. biting into my own flesh with ferocious urgency. When I went for the dried up blood on my shirt, he stopped me with a strong arm, turning me around and holding me; my back to his chest.I screamed, fighting uselessly against his iron grip. I kicked my legs and cursed him. The sounds escaping me were not my own. They were inhuman. They were fucking terrifying and I couldn't stop them as they tore from my body, shaking me. I wasn't myself. The beast that took me over held tight on the reigns of my sanity."Stop now," he commanded. And just like that the viscous beast was put on a short leash. It was an odd sensation that racked my whole body. Like when he had told me to open my eyes. I had no control then, either. My body wanted to move, to claw, to bite. My throat wanted to screech more obscenities. I couldn't. Something wouldn't let me.I had to do what he said. I had to.I could feel the blood trickling down my mouth and I wanted nothing more than to lick at it, but I was stone still and panting."Say something," he whispered, holding me tight. "Tell me what you're thinking.""What have you done to me?" I moaned, the hunger yelling at me was deafening.What have I become?He sighed, tightening his arms around me once more before releasing me reluctantly. "Sit down. On the bed. Be calm. Please."Again, I did as I was told. I wobbled unsteadily to the bed and plopped down with my hands fisted on my thighs."I know you're angry and confused, but I need you to listen to me. Okay?" I nodded. He sighed and knelt down in front of me, his stretch of a body coming to a stop when our eyes were on the same level."You didn't ask for this and for that I am so, so very sorry. But as you just experienced firsthand, it isn't all that easy to control the blood-lust. It's damn near impossible. I have done a fairly well job of it after many ages of giving in. Until I met you of course. Your blood sang to me in a way I have never  well, I wasn't prepared for it, and I took your life into my own hands because of it. When I saw you on the street all by yourself it made me crazy and couldn't stay away from your blood any longer, so I decided that the best approach would be to  turn you. But I wasn't sure if I could stop myself. There was a chance that I would kill you and I took it anyway. I was selfish. A beast of the night preying on the unsuspecting girl. Something I have tried so hard to get away from. But I stopped. I didn't drain you." He looked at me in awe for a moment, then dropped his head to my knees."But, maybe I should have. It would be far less cruel than this fate and this life I have thrown you into. But something stopped me. Your heart stuttered and was giving out and that scared the fuck out of me for some reason. I couldn't kill you." He looked up and met my wide questioning eyes. "So, now, as unfair as it is, you are left with a choice that not many are given in this situation."I stared at him, taking it all in. I needed a little more. "Who are you? What are you?""I am Edward and I am a  vampire," he drew out the word slowly, gauging my reaction. I didn't have one. When he seen that he looked put off, but continued. "I was turned in late 1611 by a woman I haven't seen since. I don't remember much from my human life, and the first couple years of my existence as this monster are blurred. It happens with time, I suppose.""So, I'm a  a ." It was too ridiculous to say out loud. But I believed him. How could I not?"No," he sighed, standing from his position in front of me with ease. "Not yet. You're in transition. Neither human, nor monster.""And, how do I transition completely?" I wondered out loud."You have to drink blood. Human blood. You must drain an entire being. One sip wont count. You have to kill someone to turn completely."Cold fingers of horror gripped at me. He had to be crazier than a three headed monkey if he thought I would ever even consider doing something like that. I don't know what kind of voodoo he was working by making me listen to his every command, but I would kill myself before I let him make me do that."No. I wont do that," I stammered, looking anywhere but his eyes.He sighed. "I figured as much. And I wont force you. This part is completely up to you. But  are you ready to die?"I stood up too fast, dizziness trying to pull me back down. But I was having some kind of reaction now and I grasped at it with all my might. "So that's it, then? I don't want to be like you and join you in massacring innocent people, so you're just going to kill me?"I was finally having a reaction. My blood boiled, my head was swimming and I felt like I was going to pass the fuck out. I think I may have preferred the zombie stage."You're already dead!" he blew up, stopping me from pacing a hole in the wood floor with a hand on my elbow. He took long strides over to me, towering an inch from my face. His breaths were coming in short frustrated pants."Don't you get it? I already killed you. That's why I am giving you this opportunity. Be like me and you can live. Refuse and you'll be dead within the week. The venom from my teeth will only hold you for so long until it starts to fade and you drop. You're dead. You're a walking, talking corpse. Barely living as we speak. You're running on fumes. Need I go on?"He turned away from me with a growl of frustration, stomped to the door and with one last burning glare, he slammed the door shut.And with that, my human side fought out the monster in my head for one last hard fucking cry. The last of my life.Okay, a weird little story, I know. But it wont be a long one if you want to stay tuned and see what happens.
