Summary: What happens when Rosalie stumbles upon a cottage deep within the woods of Idaho while hunting alone? What happens when the elderly woman who owns the cottage offers Rosalie a once in a lifetime opportunity, even if it meant giving up Emmett? Will she take it or will she run away?Disclaimer: I DON'T own anything, everything belongs to Stephenie Meyer. I'm justplaying around with her characters to create my own little twist to this story.Chapter 1: PropositionRosalie's POV"Well I've done my part in helping with the Bobcat population, now hikers won't have to worry" I said aloud.It had been 10 years since the Volturi came to Forks to see for themselves that 1. Bellahas been changed (still don't understand why she chose this life, well existence) and 2. to destroy us because they believed Irina when she told them my beautiful niece Renesmee was an immortal child. Well once Alice showed Aro what his decision would lead to, they back off willingly. We haven't heard from them since.We moved from Forks to just North outside of Seattle, so Bella can still see Charlie, who demanded to see her and Ness at least 3 times a month but Bella is happier because of this arrangement. Ness is now 17 and just like was Bella in every since of the way except the cluminess.(despite Alice's attempts to make her more feminine/girlie and a shopaholic) She's also seriously in love with Nahuel, who chose to relocate to this country to be closer to his mate.Alice is still the same nothing has changed. I laughed thinking about my sister. Edward is still frustratingly annoying but now he has Bella. I didn't see it before but now I see why she chose this life. I've never in the 70+ years I've known Edward have I seen him this happy. Bella truly was, well is his soulmate in all sense of the word. Just like Emmett is mine. "hmmm my monkey man" I said aloud to no one in general. I even learned to tolerate, and like Jacob Black (Bella's BFF) never understood their bond, but he was a big help keeping his former wolf pack off our back and then both packs helping us with the Volturi showdown. He has finally come to terms with Bella choosing Edward. He eventually found his imprint/soulmate. A nice young girl named Raquel.Im hunting alone, because I just couldn't be in that house anymore. I will never admit this aloud, well except Edward reading my thoughts but I'm really jealous of Bella. It's not fair she got everthing she wanted. This existence and a baby. I sighed deeply at the last word. I give anything for a baby or multiple babies, including Emmett. I continued running Northwest back home. As I look ahead I see a clearing. "Hmm that wasn't there before or was it?" I pushed faster and broke through the clearing and saw a beautiful cottage. It was made of dark oak wood. It looked like a cross between the cottage the three fairies raised Sleeping Beauty in and the cottage Esme built for Emmett and I when we first got married and couldn't keep our hands off each other. I laughed as I remembered how the rest of my family couldn't stand to be within 10 miles of our place.Emmett's POV" Alice, did Rose tell you where she was going to hunt and how long she'll be gone." It had been over 6 hours since Rose left to go hunt, she's never gone for more than 3 hours max. I'm starting to worry, especially now that she's not answering her cell phone."No Emmett she didn't but five mintues ago I saw her running home but now she changed her course." Alice said"What?! Why did she change her course?""I don't know Em." Alice said"Well where do you think she is?" Jasper saidBy this time the whole family gathered around Alice as she sketched a wooded area with a cottage dead in the center."Where is this?" Carlisle asked."I don't see any signs all I know is it's somewhere in the Southeast but not going past Colorado. While she was running, she didn't run past any borders or signs. She kept to the forests and clearly they aren't marked or she's not paying attention to where she's running" Alice said"She seemed distraught when she left is she alright?" Esme pondered"She's still trying to cope with the fact that Bella and I have the one thing she craves so desparately." Edward confessed. Everybody seemed to understand what he was saying."Rose still wants a baby doesn't she?" I asked looking at Edward.He didn't immediately answer me but I knew in my undead heart that its true. I'd do anything or give anything to grant Rose's greatest desire. I looked at Edward and hiswife and daughter and tried to imagine what it would be like to have a child."Oh My!" Alice said pulling me from my fantasy if that's what you want to call it."What is it Alice?" Bella asked" It's-It's Rose, she came upon a cottage while running and the owner of the cottage asked her to join her inside and then it goes dark. I'm searching Rose's future and it's blurry and almost non-exsistant." Alice cried"WHAT?!" "Why not? What she doing? Where is she?" Ishot question after question but all Alice could do was shake her head. I take off running, I don't know where I'm going or where she is but I've got to find her. After running for what seemed like an hour I was tackled to the ground. I look up to see Edward looking down at me. 'Figures they send you' I thought and he smugly answers "Of course they did, I'm still the fastest." I stand up and brush the dirt off my shirt that's when I realize it's raining. The others eventually catch up."Where are you going Em?" Alice said"Where do you think, to find my wife?" I barked"You don't even know where to start looking." Jasper said"I have to start somewhere." I stated. Alice gasped again and we all turned toward her."Darling, what is it? What do you see?" Jasper said"Its Rose she's decided. Whatever the elderly woman in the cottage offered Rose, she took it." Alice whispered"What does that mean?" Carlisle asked"It means she's not coming back." Alice said"What?! Why?! Everyone asked at once." It's what she wanted." Alice murmured.My family turned toward me. By then my legs gave out and I collasped onto the ground. If I could even breathe I wouldn't be able too. My Rose, my Angel Rose is never coming back. This must be how Bella felt when Edward left her. Its agonizing pain beyond comparison. If my heart could beat, it would be beating rapidly as if I'm having a heart attack. I heard Alice say my jeans where going to be ruined but I didn't give a damn. All I could do is let out a blood curtling scream "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!Rose's POVI saw an ancient looking woman sitting in a rocking chair on the porch. As I took in her features I realized that she has too be at least 95, the age I should be now or older or deceased we all should be. The elderly woman beckon me over. I was hesistant at first but then I realize that if this turned out to be a hoax, I could just snap her neck and keep going."No need for violence Rose" she stated"How-How did you know my name""I know everything my child." she replied"Hmph! I seriously doubt that lady""I know you're a vampire, who just helped eleviate the bobcat problem we've been having." she statedI gasped, okay so she guessed what I was, but how?"Who are you?""I'm Madame Tyree, and I've been given the gift of sight and knowledge." she said"Well Madame Tyree what do you want from me?""I seek nothing from you my child but I am the answer to what you seek, come in dear, and I tell you all you need to know." Madame Tyree saysI was hesistant for a moment. I honestly didn't know what to do. Alice I thought If I decide to go in she'll see it. Well I guess I have some explaining to do once I get home. I slowly walked up the stairs onto the porch. She got up from her chair and went inside and I carefully followed her well aware of my surroundings."Have a seat my child." she stated. I followed her to a table in the middle of the room and she took a seat on the other side facing me."What do you have to tell me."She drew a deep breath and the spoke "I know all about you Rosalie Lillian Hale, from the time you hit puberty your beauty is all you ever worried about. It was also the reason for your tragic demise. Raped and brutally assaulted by your fiancee and his friends. I also know that once Carlisle Cullen changed you he had hoped you'd be a suitable mate for Edward Cullen, but the two of you only saw each other as siblings and nothing more. You also decided to take your revenge on those men and after that you still wasn't happy. Jealous of Isabella Swan because Edward fell in love with her, a mere mortal, and he didn't fawn over you like all the men used to and still do. Jealous that Edward and Bella have the one thing you so desperately crave, a baby." I winced when she said that, this woman is legit only someone with supernatural powers as well as mind reading abilities would know that. I looked around her small but cozy cottage and saw shevles of bottles with different colored liquids in them along with animal parts in jars. 'was this woman a voodoo priestess or witch'"Yes I am Rose. I have the power to control anything and anyone around me as well as change the past and alter the present." Madame Tyree stated proudly. I looked into her eyes and all I saw was sincerity."You can change the past?""Yes. I have a propostion for you." Madame Tyree said"I'm listening?""I can send you back to spring/summer of 1933 right as you meet Royce for the first time, I can alter it so he'll come with his father to ask your father's permission to take you out to dinner. As he bends on one knee in front of you and kiss your hand you'll get a glimpse into your future and what he's capable of. Once you come out of your "vision" you then make your choice. Continue to see Royce or be the first woman to turn him down. Keep in mind he won't change if you do choose him again you'll end up right back here."I wonder can she really send me back in time to live the life I always wanted, but that would mean I would have to give up Emmett and the rest of the Cullens. I pondered"Yes you would have to give up a man who whorships the ground you walk on and a family that loves you. The choice is yours dear." she saidI felt a little guilty because my decision has already been made. I'm going to take her up on her offer. I sadly thought of all of the Cullens and my Emmett, my monkey man, oh how I wish we lived in the same city at the same time. I wondered if she sent me back, will I be able to convince my family to move to Tennessee so I can meet and fall in love with with Emmett."No, you can't. Emmett was a womanizer, who wouldn't have changed. The only reason he changed was because he was nearly killed. You wouldn't be able to lift and carry him to the hospital if you're a human? Emmett destiny lies with the Cullen's. I'll alter it so Carlisle will find him, before it's too late. Your destiny is with Thomas Blackford.""Who is Thomas Blackford?""The man your friend Vera wanted to introduce you too. He was bringing her husband Henry Sr. home from worked and saw you. He like most men once they saw you quickly felt a strong attraction to you, but he was also afraid to approach you for fear that you wo uld reject him. He is Henry Sr. boss. You desired a man like Vera's husband and that's exactly what you'll get with Thomas. A man to kiss you goodbye nad hello, once he left for and returned home from work and 6 children whom both of you love and adore. You'll be the motivation he needed to start his own business and bring Henry Sr along as a equal partner." Madame Tyree statedI look at her in a daze 6 children, wow that's 2 more than I originally wanted but that means I'll have even more children to spoil and love. Yes I going to do it. Im truly going to miss the Cullens but at least I'll have the family I always wanted and I get to watch my little brothers grow up and find love of their own." Madame Tyree, I want to take you up on your offer." Once I said that I felt a tug at my unbeating heart. I knew in my heart that Alice saw my decision and told the family. I can already see Emmett tearing out of the house running to try and find me to stop me from this decision but he wouldn't know where to look. I'm not near any borders or signs so he wouldn't know where to find me."Are you sure?" she asked"Yes, absolutely positive!""Wonderful. Deary I'm going to have to let me great-great-great granddaughter Jocelynn do the incantation because I'm very tired and would very much like to lay these old bones down.""Okay." I looked a her again and saw the tiredness in her eyes. Great grandmother. How wonderful? I hope that once the incantation is complete I'll live long enough to see my great-great grandchildren before I leave this earth."Don't worry dear, you will" she stated with a wink. "JOCELYNN!" I look toward the hall and saw and young woman come into the living room, once she stepped into the light I took in her features. She was stunning and that's coming from me. Probably the shallowest person on the planet. She stood about 5'9 with curves men will fall over for and woman would envy, long, thick lustrious black hair, cinnamon colored skin and a mixture of greenish-hazelish goldish looking eyes and a smile that would light up the darkest of rooms. IF I were a lesbian, I'd find a way to makeher mine but I don't swing that way and I don't judge people who do."Yes grandmother" Jocelynn said ' Hmmm, she has a beautiful voice'"Help me to bed sweetie, I'm tired. Also can you preform the incantation and send this lovely vampire lady back to late spring early summer of 1933 so she can live out her human live and fullful her original destiny before her tragic demise." Madame Tyree said wearily"Sure grandmother." Jocelynn saidJocelynn helped her grandmother out of her chair and walked her to her bedroom as I waited I felt another tug at my heart. I know that meant only one thing, Emmett is not taking this well and is feeling the separationally pull between us. I'll always love Emmett and the rest of the Cullen clan but I'm doing this for me. It's what I want. After about five minutes Jocelynn returned. She started mixing something together. Then once that was completed she pulled out an ancient looking book and turned it to page 500. I quickly scanned over the page and noticed it was a spell in a foreign language. She took her grandmother's place in the chair in front of me."Are you ready Rose?" she asked"As ready as I'll ever be."She pushed the concoction toward me and told me to drink it. I looked at the concoction and grimised it looked disgusting. It probably taste disgusting as well."It's the only was to tranform you back into a human, don't worry once it hits your throat it will taste like the blood of your favorite animal." she stated"Okay here goes nothing."I squeezed my nose closed and drank it while she recited the spell. She was right as soon as the potion hit my throat it tasted like blood. Immediately I felt the effects of the potion and spell. My whole body tingled and went numb. At first I thought it didn't work and was going to be livid but suddenly I felt my body temperature slowly rise and heard my heart beating slowly. I was lifted into the air as my body transformed, and my vampire features and abilities softened or were gone completely then there was a blinding light. It was over and I was gently laid on the couch. I waited a few moments then I heard it. My heartbeat. My heart was beating. I went over to the mirror and stared at my reflection. I had my pink rose complexion back along with my violet eyes. I checked for my pulse and it was there. I WAS HUMAN AGAIN! I wanted to scream and shout but I managed to maintain my calm demeanor." Oh my grandmother wanted me to reminder you of her warning." she said"Oh okay, but OH MY GOD!"I couldn't contain my joy, I ran to her in my normal human pace and hugged her tightly. She seemed shocked at first but then returned my hug."I'm glad your happy." she stated"Thrilled is more like it." I was so joyful and grateful that I didn't know what to do. I wondered how she was going to send me back in time. I don't mind being old or getting old. I welcome old age if it meant children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren."Are you ready to be sent back." she said"Yes, now more than ever, send me back so I can live out my destiny and hopefully warn the police about Royce, but sadly whithout evidence it's pretty much speculation on my part."She muttered another spell in a foreign language. What she did next shocked me a little, a zipper appeared out of thin air and she grasped it and pulled the zipper down. It opened a portal, once I looked through the portal I saw that it was my room inside my parents house. I heard my mother calling for me. Without a second thought I stepped through the portal. I turned around just in time to see the portal slowly shrinking. I waved goodbye to Jocelynn."Thank You both of you. I can't express the gratitude I feel toward you and your grandmother. How can I repay you." She look at me and smiled."Live your life Rosalie Hale, like you were supposed to and always remember there's more to life than money, status and looks." she said"I will." The portal closed with a blinding light. I will forever be grateful to Madame Tyree and Jocelynn. Jocelynn hmmm, I think I'll name my first daughter Jocelynn. My mother called me again and I was about to go downstairs to see what she needed when I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. Uh oh. I'm wearing clothes from 2016, they haven't been invented yet and woman of this time do not wear pants, got to change. Just a I was about to answer my mother and let her know I'll be down in a few minutes my clothes automatically changed and I was wearing what I wore when I met Royce for the first time. Today must be the day that Royce came to ask my father's permission to take me out. Well I now know what he's capable of but still just to be on the safe side I'll go and pretend to be interested only to inform my mother that I have a bad feeling about him. Yes that's what I'll do, it was then I spotted a note on my vanity:Dear Rose,You've been granted a second chance at a normal human life. Please keep in mind of your future that you just left shall you choose to make the same decision. Carlisle might not reach you the second time around. So choose wisely. Also we forgot to inform you that once your hand touches your bedroom doornob, you'll be in 1933. You won't remember my granddaughter or I, the Cullens, the existence of vampaires and werewolves or what Royce and his friends did to you. It will be as if all this never happened. You'll recieve a premonition of what is to come if you choose to accept Royce's dinner invitation.Wishing you all the best in life, love and happiness.Love,Madame Tyree & JocelynnI sighed as understood what she meant. I'm going to miss all my memories of the last 80 years but I get a fresh start and create new memories. "Just a moment mother, I'm freshen up." I called to my mother. I took one last look in the mirror straighten my dress and made sure my hair and make-up were perfect and grabbed my doornob, opened my door and walked out of my room into my destiny, my second chance.
