Chapter OneMy name is Isabella Marie Swan. I was decently happy and appreciated the things I had in life. Caring parents and a loving boyfriend, Edward. Things changed one rainy night whilst I was out with a couple friends before graduation. We had decided to enjoy the last moments we had together before it was time to go off to our separate ways."Wow, that shirt is cute," Jessica commented and tugged at Angela."It's really pretty," she said but my focus was not on the clothing shop filled with 'cute' clothes but rather on the library."I need to get that shirt. C'mon!" Jessica said eagerly."Is it okay if I could over to the library and meet you up at the restaurant?" I asked pointing towards the white and red, broken down, wooden building. "I wont be long.""Take all the time you need," Jessica replied before dragging Angela off into the store.I left with a small laugh at the sight of Jessica dragging my quiet friend into the store and headed towards the beat up building. It was chilly out with rain slowly beginning to drench my clothes. I sped up my walk towards the small building."Hey," I heard someone call out from behind me. Taken by surprise I tripped over my own foot and crashed to the ground. "Sorry."I looked up and saw five guys looking down at me with smirks and grins on their faces. Confused I stood up and saw mud and water all over my pants. Great. Another pair gone. A tall blonde man with blue eyes looked me up and down before opening his mouth to speak."Well, look what he have here. We caught us a sexy one now didn't we?" He said with a dark chuckle. My eyes widen in fear at the words I heard. I quickly turned around about to sprint away but strong hands grabbed a hold of me."Where do you think you're going?" A deep voice whispered in my ear. My heart skipped a beat. I couldn't escape them. They dragged me to the ally that was next to us to keep us out of sight of pedestrians. I looked at the men with pleading eyes."Please, let me go. I have no money. Please," I begged as tears began to slide down my cheeks."Oh, we don't want that," a dark hair man with torn jeans said. He reached into his jacket pocket and took out a camera. My eyes widened. Another man that I could not see because of the shadows came up and held something cool and sharp. He pressed it against my neck."Scream and I slit your throat," He threatened. I froze in fear."Take her pants off!" I heard someone call out and soon I felt rough hands gripping and ripping my ruined jeans from off of me. I tried to kick them but the pressure of the knife against my neck stopped me."Don't fight. You'll only make it worse." I was now standing bare from my hips down."Please," I begged again. A loud sound echoed in my ears and warm, sharp feeling was radiating across my left cheek. One of them had slapped me.Hands began to roam my body and and squeeze in places I've never been touched before. A man's hand moved down to my core and slipped a finger in side of me. I bit my lip in pain as I felt another finger slip inside of me. A strangled moan filled my ears and I looked at the direction where the sound came from.It was the man with a camera recording our every move. His pants were around his ankles and his hand was moving rapidly against his length. A sob broke out of my lips as I watched him record me which I was rewarded with another slap to the face. The man removed his fingers and replaced my warmth with something more personal. His length slid in and out of me and I cried out in pain."Fuck," he groaned as his pace quickened. The man with the camera began to shake and walked closer towards us."Fuck, yeah," He muttered. "Fuck that tight pussy good."The two men holding me tightened their grip on me as the man raping me quickened his pace to a rapid speed. The camera man grunted and soon after I felt his warm fluids squirt all over my legs. I looked away from the sight of him and tried to focus on anything but the horrifying act that I was forced into."Oh, fuck," I heard the man raping me grunt. A few seconds later and one more thrust I felt his length tense and spurt out his own fluids inside of me. I about threw up knowing this stranger and busted inside of me. He pulled out with a grin. "That was-"A loud snapping sound echoed throughout the alley walls and I saw my beautiful angel rescuing me. The man who raped me eyes soon turned lifeless and he fell to the ground. He man with the knife pressed the knife against my neck with so much pressure I couldn't breathe but that lasted a second before another loud snapping sound echoed again."Never again," Edward said with venom laced in his voice. He reached out and captured the camera and crushed it into small scraps of pieces and allowed it to crumble from out his fingers. He raised his arm and punched the camera man's nose into his skull. I looked away from the bloody sight and threw up.The two men let go of and tried to race off but I heard Edward deal with them as I continued to throw up. Cool arms wrapped around me placing a wool blanket around my shoulders and I let out a sob. It was over. They were gone and Edward was here."Are you okay?" He asked me as he rushed us to his car. He took a seat and drove off as I continued to cry. I couldn't speak. All I could do was cry. I felt his cool fingers lace with mine."You're safe now. I promise. I'm bringing you to Carlisle," He murmured with fear in his voice. I leaned against him."Thank you," was all I could choke out as we drove away from the horrific scene.
