Hey readers,This is the first chapter- again.
Make sure you read it. Because there is A LOT of new changes in ALL
of the chapters. This chapter isn't edited- none
of them are, I'm sorry but I need to get most of the chapters out
before school starts again. To new readers, the outfits are
on my profile. Hope you like this chapter.TwilighterforlifeChapter 1. New Beginnings BPOVI stepped into my private. I loved
L.A but I was taking a break from acting, I was the amazing Bella
Swan who played the main character Tara Wildfire in the award-winning
Love Sick series. I had read the books and they were just so good, I
had become a fan instantly. My co-star, Robert Patterson was really
hot. But we weren't dating, I didn't want to and I had a
boyfriend at that time, I broke up with him. Robert and will probably
start dating after this summer, when shooting.Summer.I'm spending my summer and vacation
at Forks with my dad, Sue my step-mom, Leah and Seth, my
stepsiblings. I'd met Sue when she and dad came to visit me.But I was meeting Leah and Seth for the
first time. Joy.Leah was a year
older than me, she was visiting for the summer too, she was an
accountant or something and she was coming with her fiance, Matt or
something, I rarely paid attention-when dad told me - and Seth was in
high school still, ugh. Dad and Sue were on a mini vacation to
Hawaii. So they were coming back a month, they thought It was a good
idea for us to get to know each other. Yeah right. Leah and Matt were
staying at a hotel cause they didn't want to get in our way. I
couldn't care less, I was only there for my dad's sake and to get
a break, the last movie was going to be very hard.One of my
best-friends was Jacob Black - when I lived in Forks, I missed him,
but didn't get enough chance to think about him, I moved away in
8th grade to live with my mom and Phil, in Phoenix, I
finished high school, but didn't bother with college, and moved
away to L.A and then just like that I was a star, and at 18 I was one
of the most well-known actresses.I used to be shy, clumsy, and ugly,
but when I moved to Phoenix, I became best friends with Rosalie
Lillian Hale and Alice Mary Brandon. I started paying attention to
fashion, I wore really nice cloths since my parents were pretty well
off, and I became breath-taking, I was asked out on many dates and I
was really outgoing, so I dated and had boy friends and the usual,
but when I moved to Hollywood to become an actor my life really
changed, I had to act perfect even off screen and I had to learn to
hide my emotions, but I managed cause I loved fame and acting.Living in Forks was a really bad
experience, that's what caused me to want to change and leave my
bad memories behind. I barely remembered my friends from Forks, I
meet about a hundred new people everyday and these people I called
friends- I hated now- they were never friends. Alice and Rosalie
weren't coming with me. Alice was a fashion designer and she lived
in New York City. Rosalie was model, she was drop-dead gorgeous and
she too, lived in California, but we rarely met, she was the top
model and she was really busy, and I was too. This was their
bustiest season, and I understood, after all we'd gone none stop
all year and at times when I came home exhausted they were bored and
texting each other non-stop, Rose at the beach and Alice at the mall.
Alice and Rosalie were perfect, they were always supportive, and the
best friends anybody could ever ask for, we were the amazing
Threesome, in High School we were the most popular girls, but we were
really nice, so nobody hated us, except the wanna-bes, we tried our
hardest though to not be rude to anyone.Dad had called me 3 days ago before
leaving for Hawaii, he said that Seth was away visiting his dad for a
month, and Leah was not coming here for another 2 weeks, so the
Masen's were coming to pick me up and I would stay with them until
Leah came home. I knew he didn't want me bored and wanting to go
back so he wanted to keep me entertained by sending me to the house
of my worst enemy -Edward Masen- my dad was crazy.As soon as I stepped off I was greeted
by them, and I knew I had to at least act nice, Carlisle and Esme had
always been really nice, Emmett was an amazing older brother I never
had, and Jasper was a great friend who always knew how to calm me
when I got mad at Edward. Edward's jaw fell.That made me conscious- for a second-
but I quickly recovered- I knew I looked hot- in a cute red flowery
baby doll top, a pair of really short white shorts, a huge red bag,
that matched the color of my really high heels, a butterfly necklace
that went right down the middle of my v-necked top, a charm bracelet,
and peace hoop earring.Ok, so to me this
was casual, probably not here, and it was sunny, thank god, I hate
wearing too much clothing. The real reason Edward's face was
shocked was because I NEVER dressed like this when I lived in Forks,
and he was always making fun of me, but this was pretty revealing,
and totally comfy."Carlisle, Esme, it's so nice to
see you guys again!""Hello Bella, i'm glad you decided to
visit, everyone missed you," Carlisle said. He was like a father to
me."Bella, hon., you look so different,
but still as beautiful," Esme added, she gave me a hug, Esme was
very motherly and I knew that she truly meant it when she said I was
beautiful, but not from the outside, but the inside. That was a major
change in me."Thank you guys so much for letting
me stay with you, I wanted to see my father, but I guess I'll have
to wait," I turned to Emmett and Jasper, I completely ignored
Edward."Emmett!" I gave me huge bear hug."I. Can't. Breathe. Emmet." I
managed to choke out."Bella you're so tiny!""Oh yeah, compared to you." We
laughed."Hi Jasper," he gave me a hug too.
I realized how much I had missed them these past years."Come on you guys, why don't we go
home and then talk, Bella you're probably really tired.""No, actually Esme I'm not that
tired, the plane ride was quite relaxing, and I'm used to it now,"
It was true, I traveled so much, because the Love Sick Saga was
filmed in like 50 different towns across the country, and sometimes
even overseas.Kenny my driver got my bags; I had 10,
and put them in the back of our rented Volvo."Buh-Bye Kenny, I'll see you in 3
months,""Bye, Ma-am." And with that said
he got into the jet and disappeared as he flew back to L.A."Carlisle, why don't I follow you
guys back to the house.""Actually Bella we all have to go our
separate ways, do you mind if Edward comes with you, he can show you
the way" I mentally frowned."No of course not, lets go." 
Edward silently got into the passenger side, and I acted as if this
were no problem.My amazing acting skills come quite
handy during times like this.If you haven't reviewed
already- what are you waiting for?Please review and let me know
what you think.I've worked hard on these
chapters. Making sure they are somewhat perfect. (I don't think
they are- but an author can try :))
