ABOUT: This is a fan fiction, taking place during Breaking Dawn. It's what would have happened had Jacob's plot line run differently. This is the story of what would have happened IF it had imprinted on that girl he met in the park when driving Edward's car.ONE: StrainedFrom Lizzie's point of viewI was sitting on the park bench reading Jane Austin (again). I couldn't help it. When I got in these bored moods a little forbidden romance in the park was my escape. I was growing tired of Forks. I'd give a kidney if it meant I could be back at Art School in New York City. Mom always told me I was destined for greatness. She always encouraged me to finish my sketches. She introduced me to all her bohemian friends and took me out to art shows. She was my best friend.It hurt to talk about her. It seems as if when she died so did everything in the world that made me happy. I haven't picked up the paintbrush since. Not like Dad would care. He hadn't spoken to mom in forever, and then all of a sudden there I am in the rain, on his doorstep with a duffel bag in each hand.A roar of an engine interrupted my thoughts and I looked up to see a shiny Aston Martin Vanquish speed into the parking lot. That was a nice car. My friend in NYC taught me all about cars. He'd totally flip if he knew I was standing merely feet away from a Vanquish.The car looked out of place among the Toyotas and Mini vans. It was like a rose in the middle of a patch of weeds. The driver spun and parked his car across two handicap spaces. That really annoyed me. Just because he had a nice car, it didn't mean he could be obnoxious and put the old people at a disadvantaged.I wasn't surprised when I saw the driver. I had seen him before sometimes, riding around town on his motorcycle. You're A-Typical bad boy. He a part of the Quileute tribe; I noticed that instantly from his russet skin. His eyes were just as black as his hair as he got out of the car and slammed the door shut. Clearly the guy didn't understand the value of the beauty he was just sitting in. It got me thinking that maybe he stole it. I mean, his face looked anxious, like he was about to cry or something."Hey, you okay?" I called out. I couldn't help myself, "Hello? You there, with the stolen car."He was still for a second, his eyes still on his shoes. Finally he looked up and looked at me, and his pained expression disappeared. Instead, he was looking at me like I had three heads."If you're feeling that remorseful over boosting the car," I rambled nervously, smiling like an idiot, "you could always turn yourself in." The way his eyes bore into mine was unsettling."It's borrowed, not stolen," he said blandly. His expression remained unchanged."Sure, that'll hold up in court," I joked."You need something?" he asked. His tone stopped me for a second. He sounded like he legitimately wanted to help me, like he would get me whatever it was I wanted."Not really," I rambled again, "I was kidding about the car, you know. It's just thatyou look really worried about something. Oh, hey, I'm Lizzie." I held out my hand and he stared at it, breathing heavily. What kind of drugs was this guy on?"Anyway" I took a step back to the bench, "I was just wondering if I could help. Seemed like you were looking for someone before.""Yeah," he breathed out. His pained expression softened and instead he was looking at me with wide eyes. A spasm went through him and he closed his eyes shaking his head."I don't need any help. She's not here," his words blurred together. He opened his eyes cautiously, as if making sure I was still there. Wow, this guy was really tripping. I mean, back in NYC I used to run in to druggies all the time at concerts and they'd tell me their crazy stories but this guy really must have been experiencing an out-of-body experience."Oh. Sorry," I decided to give up."Me too," he mumbled. He looked back up and started staring at me with puppy-dog eyes. I fought for a topic to keep the conversation going."This is a beautiful car," I decided to educate him, "It's really a shame they're not making them anymore. I mean, the Vantage's styling is gorgeous, too, but there's just something about the Vanquish" I got lost in my own car fantasies until I realized he was staring at me with even wider, softer eyes, and breathing even more heavily."How's it drive?" I asked, my voice wavering."Like you wouldn't believe."I smiled, just picturing it and he smiled back. You had to hand it to him; he was everything a girl like me looks for in a guy. Toned, handsome, and bad to the bone. Yeah, he definitely stole the car.It was silent for a second as he stared at me and I stared at the car. I was just about to think up an excuse to leave when he interrupted my thought process:"I'd better get this car back to the guy I borrowed it from.""Glad to hear you're going straight," I smiled."Yeah, you convinced me," He murmured. I watched him turn and get back into the beauty of a machine and speed off. For a second I considered returning to my book, but there was no way I could focus on Mr. Darcy when I had this guy's mysterious expressions practically burned into my retinas.From Jacob's point of viewMy hands were literally shaking as I held onto the wheel. I was having trouble breathing.She must think I'm an idiot, I thought to myself. I was going out of my mind. She was all I could see. From the second I lifted my head and my eyes met hers, every string of me was attached to her: The beautiful stranger reading a cheesy romance novel who knew cars. I blinked, trying to focus on the road, but my eyes were blinded by the image of her face in my eyes. Her olive freckled skin and cinnamon eyes that sparkled as she teased me.It had been so hard to speak around her. Thank god I left the second my heart would let me, or I might have done something crazy, like kissed her.I was imagining what it would be like to kiss her, when all of a sudden a car's horn beeped loudly. I opened my eyes to see a truck coming right at me. Like an idiot, I had closed my eyes and I was now driving towards oncoming traffic. I veered off the road into the Cullen residence, just in time. Edward's Vantage squealing as I burned the rubber on his tires. I should have let the truck smashed me. I would have lived but at least I'd be taking something precious from Edward just like he took something from me.Bella. Thinking about her I no longer felt the butterflies, pain, love, regret that I used to. I was under a new spell that completely diminished my feelings for her. I still loved Bella, I'd always love Bella. No werewolf love magic could change that, but I know loved her more like a sister.Lizzie. Saying her name was like murmuring a prayer. I wondered if I'd ever see her again. I shut off the engine and stepped out of the car, my stomach still shaking. I felt a pull on my heart, like some unknown force was pulling me to somewhere far off in the distance, pulling me to her.I walked to the steps and paused. I really didn't want Edward witnessing my private thoughts. Sighing, I placed the keys on the front steps and backed away slowly. I yearned to see how Bella was doing now that the monster inside her loved her, but that would have to wait for another time. Backing away from the house and into the forest I felt myself transform. Like a shiver running through my body it was virtually painless. Immediately I was greeted with the voices.Hey Jacob. How's Bella?I couldn't think about Bella. All I could think about wasOh my god, Leah sighed, Not you too.
