Chapter
1. She's coming back. EPOVPeople
always asked me where I stood in life.And
right now I'm asking myself that.I
started out as a normal kid, always spending time with his tomboy
best friend Bella Swan. Slowly growing feelings for her, in middle
school I got the guts to ask her out. But I ruined that chance with
my hormones, not wanting to get rejected by the first girl I actually
asked out.Big
Mistake. I lost her for what felt like forever. She moved away and I
became a player. My brothers always mad at me for that, for they
preferred one girl.Then
I got a chance to earn her back. Only to find out that my ex-best
friend had become an actress. The girl who I knew I loved, but they
feeling was buried deep into my heart got them back again. We started
dating, this time we both knew we were in love.But
time was cut short. We only had the summer, before we went back to
our lives.I
become the player I was again. Sacrificing my love for her to live
her life. I was scared though. We loved each other, but her being
Bella Swan didn't help. She played Tara in the Love Sick series..When
I went to see her movie, the last one, Happily Ever After, I was
shattered. I understood that it was just a movie, but they were
dating in real life, it was like I could see the love in her eyes. I
wasn't sure if I was imagining it, or if it was just there. But it
hurt.Girls
loved me. Why?I
was charming.A
gentleman.Good
Looking.I
kissed any girl that came up to me.But
now I just found out from my two annoying brothers, that Bella was
moving to New York. I knew it was going to happen someday. It was all
planned, but this hurt. I didn't want her to see me like this.As
a player, who only used girls. I was still a virgin, but I still used
them.I
promised her that I wouldn't do that. That I wouldn't go back. I
broke my promise to her. The last one I'd made.The
worst part is that she isn't coming alone. She's coming with her
boy friend Robert Patterson- I hate that guy, it's like he's
always been dangerous competition- Kevin Lutz, his girl friend Ashley
Green, Jackson Wrathborn, Nikki Read, Dakota Firsting- who was like a
sister to Bella- and Taylor Lauter- an other good friend.All
a part of the Love Sick gang.That
isn't the worst part though. The worst part is that the whole world
knows that Bella's moved on. Her and Robert have been dating as
soon as she got home. Home- that wasn't with me- it hurt a lot to
see her-happy-with another man.So
now the woman of my dreams was coming with her long-term boyfriend,
and friends.It's
been 3 years since I last saw her. I don't even know where this
puts us."WHAT?"
I screamed. We were in Emmett and Rosalie's apartment. Emmett and
Jasper looked at me sheepishly."Well
what are we supposed to do, we thought you should know since-"
Jasper told me."Since
I love her, since I broke my promise, since every thing" I
interrupted."Look
Edward- we know you love her, we also know it just wouldn't work
out for you guys, but you need to get her back, Robert might just
have to leave, but nobody- but you is going to make that choice, it's
either you want Bella-or you don't. You're going to have to
choose." Jasper told me- great they were going to lecture me now.
Just what I needed."I'm
going to go back to my dorm to get some sleep, after all tomorrows
going to be a long day." Ugh. Why did they have to come so soon?
I'll just have to do what I can do.Maybe
I can get Bella back, the way things are supposed to be.Robert
can't be that hard to beat, can he?
