Disclaimer: I don't own anything.Prologue: PainIt was a dark and stormy night. Single mother- Bella sighs in exhaustion as her daughter cuddles to her shaking in fear. She remembers the time she too cuddled with someone, a time she had someone there for her.Flashback "Edward I'm scared" Bella said burring her head in her boyfriend's chest."Love don't be scared, I'll be there for you- forever and always- no matter what"She remembered how those simple words had brought her reassurance. Of course like every other guy she's dated he went back on all his promises.Edward Cullen- the ideal boyfriend, the guy of her dreams. He was everything, and anything she'd ever need, sexy, fun, caring, gentlemanly, protective, charming, sensational, rich, wise just perfect. Though things didn't go as they had been planned- and he left her- no explanation nothing- just simple note- that over the year she's spent in pain she'd had memorized:Bella,This relationship thing isn't working.EdwardIt was as if she didn't mean anything to him- just a toy- and like a child he'd played with her- got bored- and abandoned her.Maybe if she weren't pregnant with his child it would have been easier. But there she was Claire Rosalice Swan, a constant reminder of their relationship. Claire had the same crazy penny bronze hair, it was a trademark of the Cullen family- no doubt that she was his daughter, they had the same laugh, personality, and smile. The crooked smile that drove her nuts. She was Bella's life, and though Claire had only been in her life for 2 years, Bella didn't know what she'd do without her daughter.Bella thought about her life- it was these rare nights that she couldn't sleep- that forced her to go down memory lane- to those painful memories that continued to haunt her- even though it had be long enough that she should have moved on. She just couldn't. Bella wondered what she did wrong in her life. It felt that almost everyone had abandoned her. Renee- her mother- the same mother had disowned her and left her when Bella needed her mother the most, after everything Bella still cried for her.Flashback "Bella I'm really disappointed in you, you are no longer my daughter- please don't call me again"Those were the last words her mother had said to her. No contact nothing after that.Edward had of course, and she wasn't even sure It isn't working out was even a reason- there had to something else. Just like him though it was like his family had vanished from her life- she knew they still lived in the same town- but she felt that even though her and Edward were no longer together- her family would stick with her. Even if she was 23 when she had Claire- she felt young and nave, a teenager once again.Her father however had been there for her the whole time. He even moved with her to New York City, he was the reason she'd managed to stay sane. She convinced him to move back when Claire turned 1- Charlie decided though- he too wanted to move on from Forks, so he found a home in New Jersey, where he worked in the local Station. He met Sue Clearwaters, she lived in the neighborhood, and they immediately hit off. Now they were married and living together. Sue had 2 kids. Leah and Seth. Leah was her age, and Bella and Leah got along great. Leah was her best friend, she too lived near Bella- in the same building and they were inseparable.Leah was married to Jacob Black- who was like her brother-; they had twins, Emily Sue, Joseph Harry. They were 5- but Claire was their little princess, Joe, was the older protective brother she'd never have and the three of them were joined to the hip.Bella wasn't unhappy with her life- she wished it were different- she wished the Cullens were a part of it and that Claire had a father. But they both had plenty of family and friends that made sure they were okay. Bella never thought she'd be one of those girls to be knocked up- but here she was. There was nothing she could do to correct those mistakes and have a second chance at life, but she wasn't sure she wanted to- maybe it was meant to be that way, and she'd find her happily ever after. Bella was glad she had a college degree and enough money to raise a child when she was found out she was expecting. And they were never short of money- they weren't the richest on the block- and she knew Claire's life would be different if she were with her father.She closed her eyes. Tomorrow was another normal busy morning, living in New York City wasn't always easy- but she loved her career- opening Hello Heaven her restaurant and bakery was one of her best decisions.Edward sighed. He had just moved New York City- away from the places that reminded of his love. Everything there reminded him of her. She was his life and there wasn't a second he spent without thinking about her. But one thought- one mistake had changed his life. She was gone- she left that stupid small town a long time ago. He wondered how she was now. When Bella had called him after she read the note obviously- he ignored it. He wondered what she was going to say and regretted those stupid days of his.It was going to be hard adjusting to New York. It was all really moving, and he really didn't know where he was going. His family was really upset- they had lost Bella- and regretted the decision of listening to him- He knew even though they didn't say anything- except Rosalie- that they were in pain.Edward was the owner of Bella's Earth. A traveling agency that was famous everywhere, many people bough tickets from him and he was quite well known.None of this mattered to him. His mission in life was to find Bella and tell her the truth.Hi Everyone!!!Twilighterforlife here- and I'm back. I've started a new story and this is just the beginning- though it gives you an insight on what's going to happen. I'll post the 1st chapter soon, which will have more information. Review- Tell me what you think!!!
