IF YOU ARE WHAT YOU SAY YOU ARE.Main Pairing : None in this chapter.Age, Occupation and Appearance:Bella is 19. A college student/party planner. Kristen Stewart with green eyes.Angela is 19. A college student/party planner. Christian Serratos.Emmett is 21. New York Jets Quarter Back. Kellan Lutz with blonde hair.Edward is 19. Emmett's brother. Robert Pattinson.Setting : Seattle 2009Rated : M for future.POV: Bella Swan.Declaration: All things Twilight do not belong to me! But I wish Kellan did * sigh *AU; OK so I've been working on this for a while and I'm finally happy with the plot that I have for it! I hope you guys like it too! Please review and let me know! :-)Work, work and more work.Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep.I buried my face deeper into my pillow. It couldn't be time to get up already could it? According to the annoying beeping of the alarm clock, apparently it was. Ugh. It felt like I had only just fallen asleep.With a yawn, I stretched out my arm to turn off the annoying contraption, knocking a few items onto the floor in the process. "Shit!" I mumble, raising my my head far enough off the pillow to see that my half full  now empty  can of red bull split all over my floor. I had been working extra shifts in work, trying to get enough money to pay my share of rent along with tuition fee's for next semester in school.I hauled myself out of my warm bed, grabbing a used towel off the floor and putting it over the wet patched. "Ugh. Deal with that later." I muttered, grabbing my work clothes and a clean towel from the radiator and heading towards the bathroom. The apartment was silent, meaning that Angela wasn't awake yet or I was extremely late and she had already left  with out me.I had met Angela back in High School. We had clicked straight away. Both being quiet and reserved with the same sense of humour and we both enjoyed doing the same thing  photography. We'd go out together for hours wandering around the woods that surrounded our homes taking pictures of different things we came across. Our families chipped in together to buy us an Apple MAC PC with all the latest photo editing programmes on. We are truly blessed with the greatest families. We didn't show anyone our work, well no one apart from our families anyway.After we graduated from high school, we both decided to move to Seattle and study photography and we were loving every minute of it. But now it was summer vacation and we have to pay the rent along with school fee's. Jobs Galore. Which meant any photography dreams were put on hold for the moment. Sure we got a chance to take some pictures when we were required to be an event photographer on short notice, but usually they hired someone "professional" in.Angela and I had both taken jobs at the hottest party planner and event venue in Seattle. We were required to book parties, plan them and then waitress at them. Sometimes the parties were fun  good music, friendly people attending. But then others were just plain boring. Old people with bad taste in music and they were all stuck up. Ugh. Most parties ran on well after midnight, it was rare that they didn't. It wasn't the worst job in the world  after all it paid the bills and fee's right?I climbed into the shower, letting the hot water wash over my skin. I could stay like that for hours, but I knew that I didn't have the time  worked called. I quickly washed my hair using my favourite almond and coconut shampoo and washed my body with strawberry body wash before climbing out. I shivered slightly as the cold air hit my damp skin  without wasting any time I grabbed my fluffy towel from the side and wrapped myself tightly in it."Bella, are you going to be long in there?" Angela called sleepily from outside the bathroom."Err, no. I just need to dress, brush my teeth and I'll be right out."I heard Angela's footsteps retreating to the kitchen. I dressed quickly in the navy blue t-shirt and black skinny jeans that made up our uniform. We were meant to were black kitten healed shoes, but I could barely walk across a flat surface in flat shoes, let alone anything with a slight heal. So today I was wearing my black and white converses. Finishing brushing my teeth, I headed back to my room to dry my hair like I did every morning.Finally after twenty minutes of drying and styling my hair, along with a layer of mascara and eye-liner and I was readying to go to work. I headed to the kitchen to wait for Angela and to get my morning mug of coffee. Mm morning coffee. Couldn't get through the day without a caffeine hit.Soon me and Angela were in my red '53 Chevy truck on the twenty five minute drive down-town to work. I loved my truck. I've had it since I was sixteen. Charlie  my father  bought it for me as a 'welcome home' gift. Nearly everyone complained about how slow and loud it was. I loved it because of that. It had character. "Is there a party booked for tonight? Or do we have a fully night off?" I asked, keeping my eyes on the road in front of us. Lately we had practically had a party to plan and waitress for every night. It was killing me.Ange shook her head and laughed. "No, I think tonight's party got cancelled." I had to restrain myself from stopping the truck there and then and getting out and doing a happy dance, when she said that. A nineteen year old, college female excited to stay in on a Friday night? Strange, I know.We arrived at work with minutes to spare. Already there were two potential client's waiting in the reception area, and it wasn't even nine am yet. Dang, I hate busy days! "Do these people have no lives?" I muttered as we headed into the staff lounge to drop off our bags and jackets."Nope, that's why they come here. So we can make it look like they have a life with lots of friends, duh!" We both giggled at that. Once we'd ditched our bags, we headed back out into the reception to greet the clients and start taking bookings.Jessica  the bosses daughter  usually came to help us with taking booking, but she had been flown out to L.A to organise a big party for a Z list celebrity  Gotta start somewhere eh?". Apparently the company was trying to expand and gain more business.Four hours later and twelve snotty, old clients later, it was finally time for lunch. And Friday was Subway day! Yummie. Just as we were about to lock up and head down the street to Subway the phone rang. "You go on ahead. I'll take this and catch you up." Angela smiled and left as I made my way back to the desk."Hello, you have reached Events House Seattle. Bella speaking. How may I help you today?""Tell me, how fast can you plan a party?""The quickest we have organised a party here is twenty four hours sir,""Hm, well I want one tonight. Around ten pm. Is that possible? I'm willing to pay for any inconvenience caused by short notice."NO! THIS COULD NOT BE HAPPENIN!"Certainly sir. Your very lucky, we had a cancellation for tonight, so you will be in our location. Can I take your name and the name of the organisation or the person that the party is for?""My name can me the same as the organisation. Jets."That sounds familiar.I continued to ask him all the necessary questions  how many guests would be attending what colour scheme he wanted and his credit card details."Thank you, Bella. Have a nice day. See you later.""Your party venue and party will be ready for ten pm. Have a nice day sir."-click end call-Without wasting a minute after hanging up, I dialled Angela's cell to break the bad news. "Hey honey. Bad news. We have a booking for tonight. We have nine hours to organise and decorate. Pick me up a Sub of the Day and get your butt back here. We're shutting up shop and planning a party."Straight to way, I got to work on planning the event while I waited for Ange to get back. Whenever I was on my own, I always had KISS FM on, to keep me company kind of. And today was no different. Luckily I managed to pick up the station on the piece of crap Billy  our boss  liked to call a radio, but it was kinda pointless. Instead of playing non-stop hits like usual, all they were banging on about was a football game. A football game that apparently was taking place in Seattle that afternoon. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind watching the odd game of football but I just didn't see what the big fuss was about.Everyone in Seattle of course supported Seattle Sea Hawks. But not me. I was always the odd ball. I wanted to move to New York and take gorgeous pictures of Central Park in the winter, so New York Jets was the team that had my support. It also helped that the star quarter back was also very cute.Hold that thought. New York Jets. Jets. No freaking way!I screamed at the realisation as the pieces fell into place, just as Angela walked through the door. "Ange! Oh my gosh. You will never guess who we were planning and hosting a party for. No, you'll never guess! New York Freaking Jets!"We had never worked for celebrities before. Billy usually had his perfect daughter work with them, but even then it was usually Z-List people. This would be the most famous group of people Events House Seattle had ever worked for! And me and Angela Weber would be dealing with them! I was practically jumping up and down on the spot as Angela eyed me wearily  like I had gone crazy. She handed me my sub and asked me to explain what the hell was doing on.Six inch sub and an explanation later and Angela was as excited as I was. We had a party to plan. And by god was it going to be the best one any one had ever seen!OK, so what do you guys think? Press the little review button and let me know. Whether its good or bad. It will help make the story a whole lot better! :]
