Summary: The Cullen's left her and she's fallen apart. Jasper believes that their leaving is his fault and, after a falling out with Alice, goes back to Forks. What he finds there is disturbing enough, but after something happens to Bella will he delve in deeper and see how messed up this girl really is? Can he save her from herself? JxB Mentions of self harm. Lemony goodness in future chapters.Chapter 1: Race Against TimeThe shrill ring of my phone broke through the silence of the forest. "What do you want?" I growled into the phone. "Jasper, you have to save her. She's going to jump! She's going to kill herself!" she choked out. "What are you talking about?" I roared. "She's going to jump off a cliff. She's going to drown!" Alice whimpered. "Where?" I demanded. "First Beach. In La Push," she cried."Alice, you know I can't set foot on their land!" I hissed. "The water. Go through the water. You have to get to her. You only have a few minutes. Hurry!" she gasped out, panicking. I dropped my phone and took off as fast as I could. I darted through the trees, nearly invisible.I pushed myself faster as I neared a cliff on the edge of the forest in Forks. Not even hesitating I threw myself off the edge, diving into the water. I sunk below the surface, speeding off towards First Beach. Bella! I snarled in my thoughts as I swam. I resurfaced a minute later, shaking my hair out of my eyes and searching for the cliffs. There they were. Across the harbor.I heard her shriek and dove back under, kicking furiously in the direction of the splash she created as she hit the water. I could see her, floating limp below the waves. I sped forward and scooped her up, pulling her above the water. "C'mon, Bella," I begged as she lay unconscious in my arms. I swam us both to the shore, tugging us up onto the beach. I made sure to keep my feet in the water so that I couldn't be accused of violating the treaty. I gently lay her down on the beach and kneeled next to her, barely out of the way of the crashing waves."Bella, talk to me. Come on!" I cried, pressing my fingers to her neck. A steady pulse met my fingertips. I sighed in relief. She had become unconscious when she hit the water but she wasn't under long enough. She lay dripping wet and motionless. I snapped my fingers next to her ear, "Bella, listen to me. I need you to wake up." She twitched slightly in response and I tried again."Bella!" a voice shouted. I looked up the beach and saw a boy running towards me. Judging by his size and his skin color he was a Quileute. "Get the hell away from her!" he snarled as he skidded to a few feet away from us. I rose to my feet and took a few steps back. The boy's hands shook violently as he glared at me. I stared directly into his eyes, speaking softly, "I was never here, understand?" I glanced at Bella as I spoke. He saw and then nodded once.I turned and dove beneath the waves, carrying myself away from here. A good two hundred feet out I rose up again and turned to glance at the beach. The boy was carrying a limp Bella up the beach. She was safe enough. For now.I swam back to Forks and hauled myself out of the water, heading towards the house. I immediately headed up to mine and Alice's old room, stepping into the shower. I rinsed the sea water off my body and scrubbed the sand out of my hair, trying to calm myself. That had been close. Too close for comfort.I kept running the whole thing over and over again in my mind, trying to understand. I eventually gave up and shut off the water, wrapping a towel around my waist. I quickly dressed and then flopped onto the bed, inhaling the faint scent of Alice and I.I thought back to a few months ago. After Edward had forced us to leave we had relocated to Alaska, but things were different now. Alice was much more reserved, not at all like her normal, hyper self. After only a few days Edward left, and didn't return. The entire household was silent, mourning the loss of Bella from our lives. And as the quiet progressed my guilt only increased.It was my fault that we had had to leave. If I had better control I never would have attacked Bella and wouldn't have forced Edward to step into such a drastic change. A few weeks after our arrival in Alaska, Alice announced that she wanted a divorce, saying that she couldn't handle my inability to stay in control. I signed the papers without a word and that night I packed my few mementos and left.I wandered aimlessly for a few months, debating on where to go. I didn't want to go see my brother and sister-in-law and risk imposing on their happy life with my anger and pain. I finally decided that I would head back to Forks and check on Bella, maybe apologize to her. I arrived a few days later and, after dropping my stuff off at the old house, ran over to check on her.I never expected to see what I saw. When I peered into her window that night I found her staring at the rocking chair in the corner of the room, her face blank and unmoving. Looking closer I noticed that her eyes were dead looking, dark and emotionless. Her skin was sallow, stretched tight across her cheekbones. And her body was thin, abnormally thin, scarily thin.She looked like she hadn't slept in weeks and hadn't eaten in even more time than that. The whole time I made my assessment she never moved, except to take short, quick breaths, like she couldn't breathe. My brow furrowed and I left quickly before she could possibly notice me. I felt inexplicable anger as I left; anger towards Edward.He had made us leave and when we did she had fallen apart. She was far too dependent on our family and when we left she had cracked. She was wasting away into nothing. She was broken.I ran my hand across my face, rubbing my eyes. I stared up at the ceiling, once again thinking about what had happened today. I knew that I didn't need to worry about her status in this instant. She was with the Quileute and he obviously knew her. He would take care of her for the moment. I sighed.This girl obviously had some serious issues. Her actions today had proved that. I didn't know if she would ever be the same girl she was before we left. Only time would tell. And by the looks of it, she didn't have much time left.
