Authors Notes: Hello to all who have been coerced into taking a look at this story because of my extremely brief summary. Before I indulge you with the extended summary (or if you just scroll below) a quick note to say thanks beforehand. I'm re-writing this original prologue from a far off distant chapter, and since the first updates and plans for the story, it has taken on a life of its own.In the very beginning this was a short story, a short story that explored life for Bella as a pre-made vampire. As I have grown a little older, and considered the books with a more critical eye, the less and less I have come to identify with Bella. So when writing this I wanted more than anything to have a stronger, more independent Bella. While some of her morals are certainly questionable, I like to think of her as an askew role model. And if not, well, I'd like to have half the wit she does.I hope you continue onwards, enjoy the story, and reviews are most welcome.Thanks in advance!Summary:....Nineteen Twelve would prove itself to be the last for Isabella Swan. Yet from the anguish of the watery carnage, she would return. Awakening to a more inhuman existence, with a blank past and bearing only her forename from word of mouth.But with life in the Mexican desert - with its degenerate characters and barbaric altercations - having lost its charm. A change in fortunes opens up opportunities to the north; alongside a strange meeting with some more humane vampires.Preface"If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten." Rudyard Kipling.........The year eighteen hundred and ninety nine passed by without so much as an acknowledgement on my behalf, at a mere five years old I was too young to fully understand the stupendous and momentous moment that transpired as the clocks struck beyond the midnight hour. The pretence of living to see the dawn of another century was unfathomably impossible, therefore it would be both my first and last. I have no doubt that while I lay fast asleep on New Year's Eve, my parents and all other adults, gathered in the gaslight to bid farewell to the Eighteen Hundreds and to welcome the Nineteen's with that mixture of fear and faith, which is man's historic and merciful attitude to the future.This brand new century arose much like the previous; I spent the earliest years of my life existing on the cusp of a new era. Where expectations continued to grow, and we, with our Victorian values, were still unflappable in every aspect. But as much as we prided ourselves on stoic stances and mannerisms, society continued to speak of the infamous jet mottled queen, who seemed to hide away from the public eye.However, she who had given her name to our era was soon to be replaced by a more fashionable elite, a more voguish monarch, of a large countenance, and an even larger waist band.While society enthralled themselves within this new era of La Belle poque; and a good deal of turmoil, we found great fortune within the trends of trade, immigration, and oh so importantly the advancements in technology. My father, while in society retained the mark of Gentleman, now held more delight within a shipping venture that had been so violently growing alongside great scientific headway. Across the British Raj and onwards, the ships sailed, bringing back their fortunes in spices, tea, and other such exotic bounties. And it was thusly left mostly to my mother to parade around the circles, presenting me as her child when an opportunity arose, pinched cheeks, Nursemaids, and GovernessesI was a single child, the only one, and conceded of hardly a single instance in which some indulgence was not bestowed upon me. Growing up with the knowledge that from my father, I would pass onto a suitable husband, and I would care for my children in much the same manner.It therefore came to be that in the late summer of nineteen eleven, I was introduced to a man of subtle substance. There was no great lord of money within the young man's repertoire, a relatively well-to-do family; and he a clerk at his father's law firm. But with no heir of his own, my father needed a man of a good and sensible mind to take over upon death. And thusly we were addressed to one another.He was quietly charming, and held himself well, notably handsome. All in all, a very agreeable young man. We were to be wed come next winter.But like most tales, this event did not come to pass, and I did not go on to marry this man.Having exceeded the likes of his British based ports, my father was keen for the expansion of his company. North America was experiencing the great flush of its 'Gilded Age,' the economy was thriving, and so sights were set across the ocean. A new shipping yard was devised, planned, and accepted. To be built within the geographically perfect location of Nova Scotia, for ease of trading with both Canada, and the United States.Having neared completion, it was only natural for my father to take the journey across the pond; and through absolute delight displayed at such a prospect by my mother. Tickets were purchased for the maiden voyage of White Star Lines greatest achievement to date.And so, it seemed, the fates began to transpire against us...
