This starts just after the battle, just after Jake gets hurt, really didn't like the way Eclipse ended so I'm doing it my way. Enjoy!Destiny call usChapter OneBy Mcvities22All eyes locked onto Bella as another piercing cry split through the air, all eyes knew this was her fault. Her and that stupid leech caused all of this. Jake was in so much pain because of her choices. He really didn't deserve this...he was such a nice person..."This is all your fault...Jake doesn't deserve this, you and that stupid leech of yours...you caused all of this!" Jared's temper finally boiled over. How could she just stand there like butter wouldn't melt? "Oh come on...oh God! You're going to cry...you're going to pretend you to care?""I do care!" Bellas voice cracked with emotion as she now stood face to face with the angry wolf."Bullshit!" Pauls voice stopped both Bella and Jared in their tracks, all eyes turned on Paul, who had been suspiciously quiet ever since their arrival at Jakes house. "You don't care about him...you used him! Whist that Leech was around you didn't even look at Jake then as soon as he's gone Jakes suddenly good enough for you. Edward abandoned you, told you he didn't love you anymore and pissed off! Jake was there, he helped you, he cared for you...he picked up the pieces and laid his heart on the line for you. Then whamo! The leech decides he wants you back and all of a sudden its bye bye Jake so long! You used him when it was convenient for you then drop him when you've gotten what you want...""No...it wasn't like that...I didn't..." Bella gazed around the garden, questioning everyone with her eyes for help, realising that she wasn't getting any from the pack."Yeah it was, you're nothing but a heartless user..." Pauls tirade was cut off by the back door opening. All eyes snapped to Carlisle and Sam who both looked exhausted."The worst is over, he'll be alright now. I've given him some morphine but his body temperature will burn it off shortly. I'll be back in a little while to set up a drip. Bella I think it's time you came home...I think Jacob needs to spend some time with his father and brothers." Carlisle could sense Bella wanted to see Jacob but he also knew the way the pack felt about her. "Bella your presence here is not helping the situation, regardless of right and wrong you're...feelings for Jacob are clearly not welcome in this place. Go on."Taking one last look at the house Bella sighed heavily and admitted defeat. Even though she really wanted to see Jake she knew going against Carlisle's wishes would only cause more trouble. Slowly and reluctantly she climbed back into the truck and pulled away from the house, leaving Jacob behind."Carlisle..." Billy Blacks voice forced Carlisle to turn round, whilst he was expecting hatred for Bella's actions the next two words surprised him somewhat. "Thank you."Carlisle nodded and took it for what it was. He knew how hard it was for a Quileute to extend civilities towards a Vampire, the fact that Billy was thanking him was a small but vital step towards calming the issues between the two races. He had hoped since moving here that someday there would be peace between them and they could live happily side by side...well...maybe not happily but...peacefully."Oh Jacob..." Billy stroked his sons face as a tear broke through his defences and rolled sadly down his cheek. He could almost feel the pain radiating from his youngest child, wanting desperately to switch places with him. He sat there for a few minutes, regaining the colour in his cheeks as he settled with himself that his son was there and alive.As the hours passed Jake regained consciousness only twice, once when Carlisle returned to set up the drip and a second time when the pack had come back to the house after finishing up their patrol. Finally Billy knew he needed to sleep, his son would need him at his best to help him recover from this...both physically and emotionally."Go to bed Billy, we'll watch over Jacob...he's our brother, it's our job too." Sam's voice broke through his thoughts. He smiled as he glanced over at the younger man, Sam was a good alpha...a good leader...a good person. He would watch over Jake, he would take care of his son. Knowing Jake was being left in good hands, Billy made his way to his bed room and got ready to sleep, knowing his body would thank him in the morning."God..." Paul muttered after fifteen silent minutes. His sparring partner looked so small...so helpless lying there. Despite his attitude towards the younger wolf he really didn't mind him, in fact he was the only one he felt comfortable around. Jake was so calm and had so much self control it was unreal. He never lost it like he did, he never gave into anger so easily...despite Pauls best efforts."Damn you Jake! Why did you have to interfere? I could have taken him!" Leah yelled for the millionth time that night."Leah just...give it a rest. Jake almost died protecting you and save it, it doesn't matter what you say you were in trouble and you know it. Just be thankful that he's still alive, it's a miracle he's not..." Sam broke off, not willing to say the last part. It'd been so hard to see the younger wolf in so much pain, it'd almost destroyed him. Leah stormed off out the room, Seth following right behind her."He's strong. He'll be fine." Paul sounded so confident about his words, but that's not how he felt inside. Inside his whole being was screaming at him that there was something wrong, that there was something else coming for Jake. He didn't know why but he knew it was his job to protect him that it would come down to him to protect Jake in the end. He could feel it with every instinct in his body."Wow...never...never thought you'd ad-admit that one..." Jakes voice came out barely above a whisper. His eyes flashed open slowly- somewhat painfully- and a ghost of a smile etched itself gently across his features."Jake! You're awake..." Jared couldn't contain his excitement anymore, he leapt halfway across the room and hugged Jake...well his left side since his right was incapacitated. "God...DON'T EVER DO THAT AGAIN YOU SCARED THE CRAP OUT OF ME!""Sorry...didn't...think." Jake managed to let out between yawns, understandably exhausted."You have nothing to apologise for, you saved Leah's life. Get some sleep, we'll watch over you." Sams words were clearly more of an order than a suggestion, not that the youngster needed it mind, Jake was already asleep."You guys go find Seth and Leah, keep an eye out for any rogues lurking behind. I'll stay here and watch over Jake." Sam instructed Paul and Jared before setting up his night time vigil. It was going to be a long night.Well that's my beginning, I hope you enjoy and let me know what you think. R&R.;
