ExcommunicationFrom the age of 5 Bella was raised to be a Nun in the church, more than a Nun reallyan exorcist. But after not exorcising a demon Bella is cast out of the church. Now with only her guide Sariel Bella must continue her work as God's right hand.Five year old Bella Swan is happy. He parents are taking her to the zoo, they had barely argued on the way there. Bella stared out the window as the greenery of Forks passed by. Suddenly out of no where a big truck slammed into Bella's side of the car. Everything hurt her at once, there was loud noise and people screamingand then, nothing.her body went cold, she heard nothing. She saw nothing but darkness for a long time. Then suddenly a light appeared, it was small and warm.Bella wanted to go towards the light but she couldn't, frustrated, she started crying. Bella was pushed towards the light a deep voice saying "Don't cry my child; there is no reason to" Bella flushed with anger "No reason to? I'm dead! I killed my parents!" She sobbedThe voice spoke again "What makes you think you killed your parents my child?" Bella got the feeling of warm arms being wrapped around her in a gentle hug, "Because, I asked them to take me to the zoo todayand now we're all dead!" The voice chuckled softly "You are not dead Bellayou are in Limbothe place in-between worlds."Bella sniffled "Why am I here?" The voice answered "You are here, because I have a job for you. Do you know the story of Cain and Abel?" Bella nodded as the voice continued "That story isn't exactly true, you see when Cain killed his brother is was not out of spite, as you are taught. Cain killed Abel because he was possessedby an evil demon."Bella interrupted "But all demons are evil"The voice warmed and laughed "No child, understand that without evil there can be no good, and with out good, there can be no evil. Now, Cain was sent away by God not because he killed his brother but because Cain had Sight, the power that let's mortals view the soul, see the good and bad within them. God marked Cain with the symbol of Sight so that all may know what he could do. Years after Cain died, God chose another individual to continue on Cain's work. Exorcising demons that are breaking the rules of Hell" The Voice stopped speaking. Bella thought "And that's what you want me to do?" The Voice seemed to smile "Yes, I would. Do you know who I am child?"Bella nodded "Yeah, you're God" God laughed "You are a smart child Bella. I'd like you to meet someone." A noise was heard and a tall, handsome man walked toward Bella. He had dark brown hair that touched his shoulders, and piercing blue eyes. Naked from the waist up, the muscles in his torso rippled when he moved, snow white wings spread out behind him in regal manner. The kilt he wore was adorned with gold stitching and held up by a golden belt.Bella's eyes widened when she saw the menacing sword hooked to his belt. God spoke again "Bella, this is Sariel; he will be your guide. He'll teach you to use the powers I give you, to be fair in your judgments." Sariel smiled gently "It's wonderful to meet you." Bella smiled back "You too" God said "Bella, no matter what people say on Earth, I trust and love you." Bella felt a hand on her head though there was nothing there, her long brown hair turned silver, Bella gasped in pain as something hot and burning touched her back. God spoke "You are now Marked."Bella started to drift away from the light "Wait, where am I going?" she said panicking, Sariel flew next to her, guiding her down "Relax, I am with you. I am always with you." Bella nodded and closed her eyes as they drifted away from the warm light. God's voice echoed in her head "Remember childyou are the Right Hand of God."Bella's mind went blank, there was nothingness. Then she heard murmuring, and the steady beep of something she couldn't place. Slowly, Bella opened her eyes. Standing over her was a priest, smiling gently "Hello child. I'm Father Whitman. I'm glad to see you awake."Bella nodded "Hello Father." Father Whitman told Bella that she was to be placed in the church to be trained as a nun, to do God's work. After being discharged from the hospital, Bella was taken to a monastery inItaly, to start her training. Over the course of thirteen years Bella was taught Spanish, Latin, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, French, German, Swedish, and several Native American languages; she was trained in Kung Fu, Tae Kwan Do, Karate, and ParKore. Bella learned the names of every sword, gun, bow and weapon known to man kind. With Sariel's help Bella learned to look into people's soul, and find the demon possessing them, without damaging the victim's soul.Bella traveled the world exorcising demons, but it was at the age of 18, inVenicewhere Bella would learn life's hardest lesson. Bad things happen to good people.Okay kinda crappy start but I like it and I hope you do too. Please Review
