Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, Stephanie Meyer does. I only own this story! Most of these characters and their personalities come from her! I will add my own OC's later on.This story starts long after Breaking Dawn.Warning! This has major spoilers!PrologueBlood. My first thought, I could smell it, feel it, the thick syrup covered my body and my vampire and human halves were at war within me. My breathing was short and quick as I tried to quiet the bloodlust inside me; the need always raced to the surface whenever human blood was nearby, even my own."It's about time you woke up." The man expressed in a very impatient manner. My eyes felt heavy and swollen but I forced them open, quickly taking in the empty brick room. A fireplace was built into the wall opposite from where I was, a large metal rod lying in the bright flames. A stack of wood and a small wooden chair made up the rest of what I could see. One thing made me pause and it took me a moment in my weakened state to realize that the room had no windows. No one would hear me scream.The chains holding up my arms cut deep into my wrists and I could feel the strength of them holding back my feet as well. In my weakened state I didn't see it as much of an accomplishment."Jacob" I tried to say though it came out as a nearly incomprehensible whimper."The werewolf can't help you now." He breathed and it came out almost like a chuckle.He walked across the room using long strides to reach the fireplace and grab the handle of the poker. He pulled the white hot metal from the flames small trundles of smoke rolling off the end. He walked toward me taking his time and allowing me to absorb the reality of what he was about to do. I shivered, though I tried to fight the fear that raced through me. My body was reacting on its own to the nearness of the heat. I looked defiantly at the man as he grabbed my hair pulling me close, his green eyes seemed emotionless as he placed the poker against my arm letting a scream escape my lips before pulling it away."Where is the rest of your clan?" He questioned sounding out each word like I was too stupid to understand. I defiantly spat in his face taking pleasure in the anger it provoked before he jabbed the poker hard against my left side letting my hopeless cries of pain fill the room.
