Disclamier;I do NOT own The Twilight Saga. Stephanie Meyer created this with her Brilliant yet; soft mind.Chapter 1;Life is All Games until you're in the Middle of a Divorce.Yeah, it was officially official. My mother and father decided that they wanted to ruin my life with their nonsense. Stupid parents I have. All they do is fight. And fight, fight some more, and fight. I was the only child and spoiled of course. But, my father always hated that I was a girl. He wanted a boy that would be strong and maybe get the Genes he carries.But, let me formally introduce myself. I am Lila. It is pronounced Lie-La. Lila. I have straight brown-blondish hair that is cut into a layers and goes past my shoulders by three inches. My dark green eyes change from dark green to light green into the different type of light. I get that from my mother. I'm more of the quiet person when I'm around people I don't know. But, when I'm around with friends I'm a completely different person. I currently don't wear many skirts. I'm not much of a skirt person. I'm more of a skinny-jean, converse and no make-up on. I do play sports. Well, a sport-which is soccer. My world revolves around soccer, music, and reading.Enough about me. That's all you need to know. Well, for now. Earlier I said something about my father's Genes. Yep, my father was part of the Quileute Werewolf pack when he was younger. He learned how to control himself after he got married and decided to move. So, we currently live in Seattle, Washington.My life is just roses; isn't it?*.*.*.*"You just never learn how to let the goddamned thing go! When will you ever learn that Lila might get the Genes?" My mother-Yulee-shouted."She's fifteen years old! Quil already got his!" My father-Mai-exclaimed. Yeah, my father and mother's parents were all about the Indian names and crap like that. I got off the hook."I'm so sorry! Sorry that I couldn't produce a boy instead of a girl! I'm sorry she doesn't have the Genes. I'm sorry that you and you're mistress' child is dying and that you don't want the only right child in your life!" My mother finally blew up on him.Then I heard a hard and loud clack! My mother yelped in a pain and landed on the floor with a THUD! I quickly got up and ran down the stairs and too my mother."You hit her! You laid your hands on my mom!" I said."She deserved what she got." My father said; he walked away and out the door-slamming it."Mom?" I asked."Oh, sweetheart, I-umm-" She started."My bags are packed. The one's you told me to pack last night. Quil called before Dad got home. He said it'll be alright for us to come over there."My mom looked at me and promptly burst into tears.I finished packing up the bags in the trunk of the Volvo when Quil called."Quil?""Lila! Hey! No, Jacob! Paul! Damn, those guys are idiots." Quil responded; followed by laughter."Quil?" I replied."Oh, hey. Are you guys on your way? Everything okay?" He inquired."Yes and no." I said."No?" He asked."I'll tell you when we get there." I responded."Why won't you tell me now?""Why do I have to tell you now?""'Cause I'm telling you to tell me now.""And I'm telling you that I will tell you later!" I shouted. Quil roared with laughter and said 'Bye' before hanging up."Idiot." I muttered.*.*.*.*Of course, I was stuck driving! Even though I was only fifteen; I was stuck driving. It was a four hour drive from Seattle to La Push. FOUR HOURS. My mom was wrapped up in a blanket and asleep. I glanced at her and she somewhat twitched. I looked at my phone and saw no missed calls. Way to miss me, Quil.The drive was quiet. No music was playing, which killed me. The roads were all abandoned and I could hear waves crashing as I reached La Push. My mom stirred in her sleep and turned to where she was facing the window. It was about two o'clock in the morning when I finally reached Quil's house. Quil was sitting out on his front porch with two some ones I did not know.I poked my mom. "Mom." She moved, but no response. I shook her but, and then she woke with a start and ended up slapping me in the face and kicking her way out of the Volvo. "Ow." I said rubbing my face. Quil quickly stood up and ran over to me with the two other boys. My mom looked at him weird and ran inside. I opened the door and looked at Quil.My face was sporting a shade of red and Quil burst out laughing. "Shut the hell up. Like it never happened to you.""It...Hasn't." He said; gasping for air. "Oh this is; Embry." He pointed at one boy which had short hair."Embry is the name. And doing girls is the game." Embry said taking me into an embrace."Embry, back off. This is my cousin." Quil said; protectively."Ooh, the little baby cousin that you said will come and visit you. She's no baby." Embry responded."Anyways! This is Jacob." He pointed to a boy with long hair but it was messier than Embry's. He looked at me."Oh, hi." I managed to say."It's Lala, right?" He asked."Lila. It's pronounced Lie-la." I answered."Oh, Sorry. Quil never spoke right," Jacob joked. I laughed when Quil got a mean look on his face."Yeah, yeah. Like you could speak any clearer." Quil murmured."Well, it's two. And I have to eat." Embry said."Douche." Quil said."Bye!" Embry said, cheerfully. He ran off onto the road into the woods."So, I'll get going." Jacob said, before he too, walked onto the road and left sight."So," Quil started. "Welcome to Casa de Quil. Or in the other case; Welcome to La Push."
