It's all for a reason I was walking back and forth, pacing the length of the long window wall on the second floor. I know that I am worrying myself to death Edward don't give me that look. I thought to him as I felt his stare at the back of my neck."They will be home soon. Stop worrying so much.""I know you are knew to the parenting thing Edward and you haven't had much to worry about yet but trust me when I say this. As a father, you will always worry. No matter how old she is or how long she lives."With this I looked back out the window to see them emerge from the tree line. First Lyssa, then Dante, Nathaniel, and then finally, Bella. I let out a breath I didn't even notice I was holding at the sight of my baby girl unharmed.They walked into the house swiftly and came straight to the second floor where we were all gathered. Awaiting their arrival."So? What's the verdict?" Alice asked as they appeared one by one.Lyssa was sneering as she walked into the room, Dante looked bored, Nathaniel angry, and Bella looked drained. How did I not notice that as they were coming up?"Why the hell should it matter shorty?" Lyssa sneered while leaning against the door jamb.Earning her a glare from Bella at her attitude."Shut up Lyssa. They have a right to know more than anyone considering it puts us all in danger thanks to you.""ME?! How the hell is this my fault?" Lyssa raged while standing straight.Bella was in her face within an instant, the movement was so quick that everyone jumped slightly."I would appreciate it if you would keep your voice down and watch your mouth because my daughter is sleeping.""Bell bell." I called softly, trying to soothe her as I used to. It worked for she relaxed her shoulders and stepped away from Lyssa who was glaring at her."Sorry." She whispered before standing before everyone in the middle of the room."The reason you cannot see their next move Alice is because they are using the wolves, and myself as a shield to hide their decision. We found their hideout, they hadn't been there in a while. Nate hid our scents so hopefully they will never know that we were there and when they return they will not catch the scents and find a new hideout.""What is it they want exactly?" Emmett asked while jumping over the back of the couch and sitting on the back of it. Earning him a scowl from Esme that he 'didn't' see."Me." Bella whispered indefinitely as she looked right into my eyes. No."What? Why?" Alice asked frantically as we kept eye contact. This can't be happening, I think I am going into shock."My powers have appealed to them. They wish to take me to the Volturi, they are snatchers. For lack of a better word. They find vampires, or half-bloods, in my case with extraordinary powers or more than one as I have and they take them to the Volturi in exchange for something. Money, cars, houses, freedom.""Why are they after you then?" Jacob asked, ignorant to her gifts.Bella smirked mischievously before answering him gladly."Because I have quite a few gift actually.""Cooler than seeing the future, manipulating ones emotions, or reading people's minds?" Jacob retorted smartly.The fire in her eyes flamed brightly, changing from red, to orange and back. I smiled, knowing what was about to happen."If you consider time travel, teleportation, mind control, and fire and ice not so cool then fine."She said with a shrug as she walked over to me, Jacob staring at her wide eyed as she went. I smiled at her and pulled her into my arms protectively. Holding her tightly to my body to calm her down and help her feel calm."I love you daddy." She whispered against my chest."I love you too baby, everything is going to be okay I promise.""How can you be so sure?" This can't be happening, not to my baby girl."Because I'm your father little one. I'll always take care of you, no matter what."She looked up at me with tears in her eyes and a small smile, I know my girl and I don't need Edward or Jasper's power to know what she is feeling and or thinking. And I always know how to make her feel better."You always know what to say daddy.""I'm your father of course I do bell bell. I love you so much." I said while kissing the top of her head."I love you too."I held her like I used to, not wanting to let go, not now that I know these monsters are after her. I know that I said everything would be okay and that I wouldn't let anything happen to her but I am still scared and I always worry about her.
