A/N: Well, here's a new story I have been wanting to write for awhile. Lol. I will try to balance my Treachery story and a few others that you guys want me to finish. My internet was down so I took that time to write a lot of chapters. Hope you enjoy this and please tell me what you think. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. There are a few lines out of this that are from Twilight so all rights go to SM.Music: Crank It Up by Ashley Tisdale.BELLA'S POV:Boom!There it was again. That sound has been going on for the past twenty minutes. It would have sounded like thunder to humans, but to us vampires well it sounded like a ball hitting a bat if I didn't know any better.James, the leader of the coven I was in, decided that he wanted to check it out. Laurent and I were hesitant to go, whereas Victoria sided with James again. Seriously, do mates always have to side with each other? So there we were, running to a coven of who knows how many vampires.James told Laurent to act like the leader so that the coven would be fooled. He said that if it came to a fight, we would then have the advantage.Laurent reluctantly agreed. You never really want to tell James "no." He would rip your head off literally. And I don't want to see Laurent get killed so I told him to just do it.No, we weren't mates, but we were close. We're closer to each other more so than we were to James and Victoria. James is  blood crazy. Okay, we all are, but he is in a different way. He loved to make people suffer. I hated seeing his victims. They always begged; begged him to stop begged him to end their lives quickly. It sickened me.I wanted to leave his coven the month after I joined it and saw James in a new way, and that was decades ago! I've never had the opportunity or the courage to leave; James would track me down and kill me slowly or another vampire would attack and kill me.We were almost there when all the commotion that was happening before stopped. They most likely heard us. I was nervous to see what we were up against. Up against? I sounded like James! I needed to leave soon.We emerged from the forest one by one. Laurent was in the front and I behind him. After me, James and Victoria came out. We were all shocked by what we saw.There were seven. Seven! How can that many go unnoticed? There was a beautiful blonde girl who made me want to go hide under a rock. There was also a bulky dude who reminded me of an over grown teddy bear  Then there was a blonde man who was covered in teeth marks which said, "I was in millions of fights and I won them all! Now RUN!" And run was what I wanted to do. His scarred arms were around a small pixie girl who looked very excited for some reason and she kept eyeing me. There was a man who was obviously the leader with his arm around a caramel women who reminded me of Mom. Oh, Mom! How I miss you so! I quickly threw that thought out of my head 'cuz my mom was dead and I would never see her again. Last but not least was a boy with reddish-brown hair with a frustrated look on his face. He was gorgeous and I knew I instantly liked him. God, Bella! He is sooooo out of your league! He should be with a model or goddess or something! So shut up and keep your eyes off him!I felt something against my mind. My mental shield! I searched it more deeply and closely. A mind reader! They had a mind reader! I looked at the bronze haired boy again because that was were the source of what was happening came from. So that's why he was frustrated. He couldn't read my mind.They were all so clean though! Even after playing a game of baseball they were cleaner than us. But that wasn't what stood out about them; they all had golden eyes. How do they have golden eyes? They should be bright red like mine!We approached them by this time. James, Laurent, and Victoria took them all in as I had before. They looked at us seriously; like we were a threat  and with James here we were."We thought we heard a game," Laurent finally spoke in a relaxed voice, his French accent slightly more pronounced. "These are Victoria, James, and Is-Bella," he said as he gestured to us."I'm Carlisle," the blonde leader spoke. "This is my family, Emmett and Jasper, Rosalie, Esme, Alice, and Edward," he gestured to each of them as he spoke.Family. Family! Not coven. What does that mean?"Do you have room for a few more players?" Laurent asked, yanking me from my thoughts."Actually, we were just finishing up," Carlisle said friendly. "But we'd certainly be interested another time. Are you planning to stay in the area for long?""We're headed north, in fact, but we were curious to see who was in the neighborhood. We haven't run into company in a long time." Hmm maybe that has something to do with the fact that James KILLS THEM ALL!"No, this region is usually empty except for us and the occasional visitor, like yourselves," Carlisle said. He's so friendly, I was really hoping that him and his family would make it out of this alive well, as alive as vampires are, but you get the idea!"What's you hunting range? Laurent asked suddenly. I wanted to smack him for being so forward."The Olympic Range here, up and down the Coast Ranges on occasion. We keep a permanent residence nearby. There's another permanent settlement like ours up near Denali."Laurent rocked back on his heels, clearly shocked. That meant they didn't hunt humans! I wouldn't have to hurt anyone if I left and did what they do I wonder when I could put my plan into motion"Permanent? How do you manage that?" Laurent asked curiously. We both missed having a real home, so we were both listening intensely."Why don't you come back to our home with us and we can talk comfortably? It's a rather long story," Carlisle offered.A home! They have a home! Laurent, James, and Victoria exchanged surprised looks whereas I could feel my eyes brighten. They, the coven of seven I mean, seemed to catch the flash in my eyes for sure had and Esme smiled at me invitingly but also unsure."That sounds very-" Laurent was cut off by James."No! We won't go to your house where you will for sure try and kill us. Let's just finish it here. Starting with you," he pointed to the pixie girl. Jasper -I think that was his name- stood in front of her. "No one ever escapes me!"I stood with my back to Carlisle's coven. "No! James, I am sick of watching you torture and kill innocent people. You will not harm this coven family! I won't let you. You want a fight, well, you have one. You and me. Right here, right NOW!"I never dreamed that James would try and fight me. But I guess I was wrong because I felt myself suddenly airborne. James had me pinned to the ground and he was throwing punches to my face.I tried to push him off, but it was no use. He was stronger than me. He also has been fighting longer. I knew I was going to die and I welcomed it. I would gladly take death over staying with his coven anymore.His hands were on my face, pushing harder. He was crushing my face. I could feel the cracks coming. I was starting to lose consciousness when I felt him being thrown from me. Before I could see who or what had removed him from me before he killed me, I was pulled into a black abyss where I would stay till I was healed.A/N: So, there's the first chapter. Please tell me what you think. Not that bad for writing at 11:30 at night? Hope you liked the first chapter and please tell me what you think and if I should change anything. If you want, you can check out a few of my other stories. If you are looking for something great to read, you should read Bella Hale (id remember who it was by off hand) or Moonless Night by Wingsthatfly. Both stories were filled with suspense and they were fun to read. Oh and if you have a better story title, could you tell me? I would give the credit to you. I couldn't figure out any other name that would fit it. :D Have a great day! ~JerinAnn
