*Okay, I know I have two other stories going on at the moment, but this idea came to me, and I just couldn't help myself :s I will try and get better at updating, you have my word. In the mean time, please try and enjoy this. It's only an introduction really, but it's a start. Let me know what you think!*~ Reality Bites ~I have to say, it's not easy being me; but I guess when your sister is engaged to a vampire, and your best friend is a werewolf, life never was going to be simple. My name is Olivia Charlie Swan, I am sixteen years old, and I am currently staring out of my bedroom window, and talking in my head like someone can actually hear me. Weird, I know, but I really do get bored so easily. Being grounded doesn't help, but I can't really blame Charlie, my dad, for doing it  I did come home extremely drunk and smelling of beer  but it's not my fault! I hang around with the cool kids at school; I have a reputation I have to think of. I can't handle my drink? So what? I know now to never do it again for as long as I live, or at the very least not to come home when I'm doing it, so why can't my punishment be over?It's been more than a week already, and Bella's wedding is only around the corner. Surely, my dad could show a little empathy? I mean I was under a lot of stress before. I had this crazed undead redhead stalking the house, and anywhere my sister, my dad, or I might decide to go. How was I supposed to deal with that? Seth was always busy with werewolf stuff or homework, Bella was always at the Cullens' or the plantation, dad was ignorant to the fact that anything was even going on, so who the hell did I have to talk to? Getting blitzed with a few school friends seemed like a good idea at the time  it wasn't like anyone died or anything. Although, Edward did say that it was a really close call at one point, but the pack were totally able to scare Victoria away before she could do any damage  thank God.Getting killed would have kinda sucked, and I mean literally in this case because she's like a vampire... get it?Leaning my head against the window, I sighed. I couldn't take this being caged-in thing anymore, I needed to go out! Growling under my breath, I stormed over to my floor-length mirror to check myself out. Crazy, out of control, waist-length locks: check. Skin that looks like it hasn't seen the sun in years: check. Deep, pleading brown eyes, and a smile that could make the coldest heart melt: double check. Now all I had to do was pull the old Olly charm on Charlie, and it was clear sailing.However, downstairs was just a disappointment."Where's dad?" I questioned, spying Bella and Edward curled up in the living room. "I need to ask him something.""He got called into work." Bella said, sitting up from Edward's lap. "Why, Olls?""She wants to see if Charlie will lift the house arrest." Edward smirked, and I met his amber gaze with a look of contempt."Do you mind? My thoughts I private, thank you very much. I don't need you eavesdropping."He laughed. "Then perhaps you should think a tad quieter, little sister.""You guys aren't married yet." I growled. "Like I need another older sibling telling me what to do."Her eyes darting nervously between us, Bella pursed her lips anxiously. "Olivia, please don't be like that. I know you're fed up with being grounded, but it's not our fault. I was grounded a few weeks ago, remember? You've just got to ride it out."Sighing, I flopped down heavily into the couch opposite them, snatching the remote up to find something to watch. I risked a glance at the happy couple, and immediately rolled my eyes when I saw that they were still watching me expectantly."Fine, Bells," I answered, huffing loudly. "I'll ride it out like you had to, because clearly what I did was on the same level of stupidity as you, so of course, we should both suffer the same sentence."Bella frowned. "Olls, that's not  ""No! You're absolutely right." I cut in sarcastically. "I mean, all you did was fly across the Atlantic to a strange country, nearly get killed by the vampire mafia trying to save your vampire boyfriend, and then disappear for three days before returning home a crazed, rambling mess. Did I miss anything out, because as it is I am struggling to see how myself coming home slightly drunk from a night out with my friends, is on par with your short comings." I slammed the remote down, and furiously folded my arms. "And there's nothing on the stupid T.V!""There's cold pizza in the kitchen." Bella murmured, looking guilty.I shrugged. "So?"Edward chuckled annoyingly. "So, you're mean when you're hungry, Olly. Go and finish it up.""Fine." I quipped, jumping up from my seat. "But only because I know it's ham and pineapple, and it'll only go to waste otherwise."I breezed through sulkily into the kitchen, tearing one cold pizza slice from the box, before hungrily wolfing the thing down. Eagerly, I continued on to the next piece, faintly hearing the buzz of Edward's cell phone next door. It beeped when he answered."Hello, Carlisle."Next pizza slice"What? Why?"Glass of juice"But didn't Alice make it clear in the letter? It was an announcement, not an invitation. They can't just  "He broke off into silence mid-sentence, and as this stretched out I curiously tiptoed my way out of the kitchen with pizza in hand. Settling into the room, I perched myself on the arm of the sofa, sending Bella quizzical glances, to which she merely shrugged, and we both returned out attentions to a very irate looking Edward."Okay, Carlisle." He continued eventually, sounding a little worse for wear. "I'll let them know. Bye."He hung up the phone, staring blankly at nothing for what seemed like ages, and the seconds continued to stretch out. Bella broke the silence first."Edward, what's wrong? Is everything okay?"He laughed dryly. "No, love, I would say that everything is not." He grimaced, clearly unable to continue with the conversation.Unnerved, I urged him forward. "Come on, blood-boy, what's up? Some unwanted wedding guests?""You could say that." He answered numbly. "But I think it might be a bit of an understatement."Bella's previous frown of confusion was slowly becoming one of understanding, and as understanding began to settle in so did the apparent horror that came with it. Her hand flew to her mouth."No! No, they can't, Edward! My family will be there, our friends...!" Running an anxious hand through her hair, she stood up, her feet pacing worriedly around the room as her mind obviously chewed over its new information. I, however, remained blissfully ignorant."Is anyone going to tell me what's going on?" I questioned. "Who's coming to the wedding?""Aro and Caius." Edward answered hollowly. "Marcus would have stayed behind to safeguard Volterra."I frowned. "Volterra? ...Hang on, aren't those the guys that tried to kill you?" I gasped, suddenly mirroring Bella's stance. "They can't come to the wedding, they'll eat everyone!""Calm down, Olivia, no one is going to be eating anyone." Edward said reassuringly, flashing to Bella's side. Whether it was Bella and I, or himself he was trying to convince, was another matter altogether. Awkwardly, he cleared his throat. "From what Carlisle said, they just want to make sure we're holding up our end of the bargain where Bella's concerned, and the wedding is a perfect opportunity to see how much of a liability our family is. Aro will be able to read the other guests thoughts, and he'll want to see if we've raised any worrying suspicions about our kind since we've been here."I nodded understandingly. "And if you have?""We'll cross that bridge when we get to it." He said quietly, soothingly rubbing Bella's back.I shared a look with my sister. This definitely didn't sound good, and I knew what she was thinking. What if someone did have suspicions about the Cullens? What if it was someone we knew? A friend? Dad? Would they be swiftly disposed of, or would it be the Cullens that faced the full wrath of the Volturi? Either way we were pretty much screwed."Hang on..." I began slowly. "What about me? I know you're all vampires, I know everything!"Panic began to tear painfully at my chest, and it really wasn't a good feeling."Olly, it's fine, we'll sort it out, don't worry." Edward assured me gently. Smiling, he laid a kind hand lightly on my shoulder. "I won't let anything happen to you  or Bella  you have my word."I nodded. "But I only found out about you guys because of Seth... surely that'll count for something? It's not like you or Bella told me.""Maybe." He reasoned, but he didn't sound that convinced. "The wolves are going to be another problem altogether unfortunately. The Volturi have hunted the children of the moon for centuries. Hopefully the fact that the pack aren't true werewolves, will play in their favour.""What do you mean?" Bella suddenly asked, and once again he was back at her side."There are those out there that transform into wolves only under the full moon. They hunt humans for their blood. Thankfully, Jacob and the pack do not. They are more like shape-shifters, really, the wolf form was purely by chance."I scoffed. "So now there are vampires, werewolves, and shape-shifters? Is there anything that isn't real?"Edward chuckled quietly. "Who knows, Olly."I rolled my eyes. Who knows, indeed, but I was really beginning to wish I sure as hell didn't.Please review :) Go on chickens, click, click ;) its much appreciated.
