Disclaimer: Do own nothingChapter 1: Trouble in ParadiseI was well aware of the fact that my mother was going to kill me when I finally decided to show up at home tonight. After all being at the library up till 10:30 at night wasn't a part of her 'growing up and behaving like a responsible adult' plan. My mother was one of the two daughters of a very sweet and normal couple. Yet how she turned out as a person who needed you to be somewhere the moment you said you would, and not a minute late, who needed every tiny thing in the house to be perfect was completely beyond me. Sometimes I really wondered whether she was a patient of OCD. But then again she wasn't obsessed, she just needed everything to go according to the plan, a tiny Change threw her off balance. At times I really admired her ability to plan for the most insignificant things like her outfit for visiting the grocery store next weekend. To say that I didn't get along with my mother would be an understatement. In fact, the only person I did get along in that house was my dad. My sweet, annoying, normal dad, who currently was in London for a business meeting of some sort.Thinking I might as well face what was waiting for me at home, I decided to get moving. Sighing, I picked up my grey Nike backpack from the floor, pulled my sweatshirt off the back of the chair and grabbing the book I was trying to read from the table I slowly made my way to the Counter. There, May was getting ready to end her shift and head home. Smiling she signed my library card and I wished her a good night. As I made my way to the door I passed Jack who started his shift now. Waving goodbye to him I stepped out.For a city that never slept, the part of New York that I inhabited was pretty sleepy. Except the occasional car that passed, I was pretty much alone. Walking along the side of the road I made my way home, once again sighing and staring up at the stars thinking of the blissful day when I would finally turn 18 and would leave behind the life that wasn't meant for me.My mother's sister's name was Emily Young. She lived in a small town called La Push all the way to the south. Mum never talked about her. Which in turn led me to believe that she was non-psychotic. It hadn't even been my mother who told me about her sister, it had been dad. He even mentioned that we had lived there for 3 years after I said Hi to this beautiful new world. There had always been vague memories about this place, a feeling that someone was waiting for me back there. Of course, I never told dad anything about that, but I think he wanted me to know about La Push and my family out there because he was the only one who didn't shut me off when I asked him anything about it. This was the main reason why I wanted to go there, I wanted to know my family. I didn't want to stay away from my memories which were practically a blur, what I wanted were new memories. Because all that I did remember was that when we were out there I had been happy.I had told mum and dad that the day I turned 18 I was gonna take off to La push. Mum had been completely furious when I told her this. I obviously didn't expect her to be happy about it but she was behaving like it was dad's fault that I had decided to go there. Maybe it was. But I really didn't care. After 18 years of being tied down with my mother I was desperate for some freedom. Dad on the other hand was completely cool about it. His exact words when I told him about my plan were 'I'll book the ticket'. That's what I loved about my dad he supported me in everything I did.Sighing, as my house came into view I cursed my luck thinking about how my dad wasn't even home to save me from the wrath. Taking a deep breath I pushed open the door and gave a sigh of relief when I saw that the living room was empty. Thanking my lucky stars I tried to make my way stealthily up to my room."Claire!""Damn!" I cursed under my breath and turned to face my fuming mother. Trying to stay clear of the possibility of being grounded I said "Hey mom!" Apparently she wasn't pleased. Narrowing her eyes she asked me in a cold indifferent voice where I had been. Staring at the ground I whispered "The library". Stalking toward me and invading my personal space she hissed, "Haven't you been told enough of times that you are supposed to be home at 9:30? And not a minute late?" See what I mean? No compromises, no adjustments. She wasn't done yet. "Don't you have a cell phone? Where is it? Did you lose it? I wouldn't be surprised. You are so irresponsible Claire. How many times do you have to be yelled at? Do you enjoy it? Huh?" I whispered no and continued staring at the floor trying to blink back the tears that threatened to spill."I want you in bed in half an hour Claire, the light should be off by then. Enough with the reading and don't you dare use your laptop. You are grounded for a week and I'll be having a word with your father. Now go on upstairs."Turning sharply I dashed upstairs and dried my eyes with my hand hurriedly. Entering my happy place I released a breath that I hadn't realised I had been holding. Pulling my old shorts and a tank top from my messy closet I pulled my hair into a messy bun and went into the bathroom to take a much needed hot shower. Adjusting the knob to a reasonable temperature I stripped out of my clothes and stepped into the shower. After spending some quality time wondering whether my mother would keep me grounded even on my birthday I stepped out, dried myself and released my hair. I stared into the mirror thinking absolutely nothing as I brushed my dark mahogany hair. Sighing, I set the brush on the sink and made my way out of the bathroom . Picking my cell from the side table I texted dad goodnight and slipped into the covers. My cell vibrated once and I picked up to read my dad's text: good night sweet heart . I smiled to myself lightly and then flipping of the light, I fell asleep thinking about what a lousy day it had been all in all.And then there were the nightmares, always relatively similar. They hardly left me alone anymore. Nor did they that night.A/N:Review?
