I felt the familiar emptiness inside of me as I checked my emails for the third time that day. It had been two weeks since my vampire ex-boyfriend had abandoned me Forks. Forks was a small town in Washington, where it was constantly either cloudy or raining. I was beyond crying or even feeling sad. I felt so empty that no amount of friendship or family love could fix the hole in my heart."Bella?" My dad, Charlie, knocked on my bedroom door. He was an older man, in his late forties. He kept his wavy black hair short and had had a thick black mustache for as long as I could remember. My mother, Renee, had left him when I was much younger. She had never been the small town type. I always told myself that she left Forks rather than my dad. He just decided not to go with her."Come in." I responded gazing out the window at the trees. It was in those very woods that Edward, my ex, had told me he was leaving."I was going to go get dinner at the diner. I was hoping you would come with me." His eyes were tired and sad. I felt a twinge of guilt knowing it was partly my fault."I'm not really all that hungry." I clicked the check mail button on my computer. There was still no response to my emails. I heard the door click shut and knew my dad had left the room. Alice was Edward's sister and I'd been sending her emails hoping she would answer. We had been best friends, I was hurt by the fact that she had left me too.I decided at that moment that I needed to get out of the house. I stood up and put on a jacket and rushed downstairs. "Dad!" I called out to see if he was gone. There was no answer so I ran out the door and into the woods.I stepped over shrubs and climbed over fallen trees. I walked until my feet hurt and it was starting to get dark out. I finally fell to the ground sobs tearing through my body like a hurricane. I wasn't sure how long I sat there crying, but when I finally stopped my body ached.Suddenly I felt like was being watched. I jumped to my feet and spun around looking for my stalker. I could see no one and I felt a little panicked. I pulled my jacket around me and started walking back towards my house. I could still feel someone watching me, so I started running. I felt relieved when the light from my house came into view. I sprinted across the space between the forest and my house. When I entered, slamming the door behind me, Charlie was sitting on the couch. "Where have you been?" He asked jumping up off of the couch."I'm sorry. I just needed to clear my head. I promise I'm not doing anything stupid. I'm going to go get something to eat," I apologized as I set my coat down on the table by the door. I walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge. There was some leftover spaghetti in a blue container. I pulled it out, opened it, and stuck it in the microwave. I pulled a fork out of the drawer and set it on the counter. Then I poured myself a cup of ice tea. I paced the kitchen impatiently as I waited for the microwave to beep. I knew that there would be no new emails, yet I couldn't stop checking. The microwave beeped, I quickly grabbed all of my stuff and ran upstairs. I sat down at my computer, setting my cup and container on the desk. I clicked the check mail button and to my surprise, I had one new email. There was no address and it was very short.He's not coming back.I felt ecstatic and horribly depressed all at the same time. On the upside, one of them had contacted me, on the downside nothing was changing. I turned the computer off and picked up my dinner. I took a big bite and stared out my window, I pictured Edward sitting on the branch. I sighed deeply and took another big bite. I wasn't sure my life could get any suckier. I guessed that Alice had sent me the email. I smiled at the fact that she still thought of me. I wondered if there was a way to get Edward back in town long enough to give me a chance to talk to him. I figured the only way to get him back in town would be to put myself in danger. Unless, what he said was true, and he really didn't want to be with me anymore.I finished my spaghetti and stood up to take it downstairs. I was about to leave my room when my computer beeped at me. I almost tripped over my own feet trying to get to my computer. I turned it back on and opened my mail up. My heart stopped...it was her:AcullenI double clicked on her email.Are you okay?I felt annoyance rising in my stomach. After the way they left, and she went with them, of course I'm not okay. Why couldn't any of them tell Edward no? Especially Alice she could have stayed behind or at least visited. I clicked reply and started typing:I could lie and say yes, but that would be lying. Honestly, my boyfriend, my second family, and my sister, just ditched me! If Edward were here I would probably punch him for doing this to me. You guys made forks livable. Now I have no one to talk to, at least no one who understands me. I spent the last two weeks sitting in my bedroom like a loser staring out the window hoping to see my asshole of an ex boyfriend. You tell me how okay I am!I sent it out before I thought about who I sent it to. I'd never gotten angry at Alice. She was so much more than a best friend or a sister. She was like my other half. I drummed my fingers nervously on my desk. When my computer beeped I practically jumped out of my seat.Bella, I'm so sorry. You must know that I fought with Edward about this. I thought it was a horrible idea. I'm still mad at him for separating us. And as far as the punching goes...I did you a favor. I wish I could say we were coming back but we can't without Edward. There would be too many questions. I'll keep in touch though as long as you promise to make some human friends.I chewed my nail while I thought about what to say. I felt my broken heart pound weakly in my chest.No, it's face to face or nothing. I'm past weak apologies, if you really are sorry for what happened then come down and tell me. Come be my sister again, I don't care if Edward comes or not...I felt empty without Edward but what he did was unforgivable. I could at least try to get my best friend back. I waited for a few minutes and when there was no response, I stormed out. I grabbed my bowl and stomped down the stairs to the kitchen. I was angrily washing the dishes from that day when Charlie got home."Bells, are you okay? You seem kind of angry." He commented.APOVI never expected Bella to get so upset. I figured she'd be happy to hear from me, but she'd gotten mad. "I told you it was a bad idea." Rose commented, sitting on the couch nearby."I've never heard Bella so mad before. Especially with me, stupid Edward messes up everything." I pouted and crossed my arms. Edward would kill me if I went back to Forks."Well, I vote someone goes against Edwards decision. He was stupid to let things get that far and then take off. You should go back to Forks." Rosalie suggested I her sulky tone of voice. Alice knew Rose secretly liked Bella, it was her jealousy that made her seem so mean."What happens if Edward finds out? I really don't want to make him mad." I loved Edward, of my three brothers I was closest to him."He's out hunting right now, if you hurry he'll never know. I'll tell him you went for a drive and that should stall him for at least an hour." Rose said excitedly."Oooh! Tell him I'm going shopping in Paris! That will give two or three days!" I hopped up and went to my closet to start packing."I don't know if I can keep him out of my mind for that long." Rosalie stood up and began helping me pack."Just do the best you can. Give me a heads up if he finds out though." We had my bag packed in less than a minute. Rose walked with me to my yellow Porsche that waited in the garage."I would drive fast and block Edward out until you got out of our hunting area. You might have to actually buy a plane ticket. I don't know if just telling him will fool him." I nodded a yes to all of Rose's instructions."Alright, I'll have my phone on and with me the whole time. I have the key to our house in Forks. Don't tell anyone where I'm really going. The less people that know, the smaller the chance that Edward finds out." I said climbing into my car and pushing the button on the garage door opener."Okay, be safe Alice. I love you sis." Rose waved as I started backing out.
