Reluctant ImprintAN: Hello! Thank you for reading my newest story. It's halfway done. This is something I worked on when I first started reading Breaking Dawn. I hope that you like it. It starts slow, but starts picking up soon. It will be mostly on Paul's POV. I hope that you like it. Please, leave reviews and be kind when doing so. Pregnancy hormones make me cry about almost anything.In the WoodsI was lost! I had to be lost. After wandering the woods for an entire afternoon, I lost track of time. I was trying to finish my science project on trees. How could I've been so stupid? I knew I was lost the moment that I couldn't find the way back to my ATV. I was miles away from the campsite my stepdad set out for me and now I was in so much trouble. He specifically told me to return before 6 P.M. I am so grounded! There goes my driver's license and my bit of independence.I tried to retrace my steps back to where I parked my four-wheeler, only to find that I could only go so far, because everything started to look the same. All the trees looked the same and the rain that penetrated the deep canopy of the forest caused the footsteps to vanish and made the ground flat. I couldn't even find my stupid footprints or the X marks that I made whenever I tripped on a root. I groaned loudly, cursing like a sailor, as I was desperately tried to find my way back.I walked aimlessly. I've gotten lost before and somehow, I always found my way back home. I looked down at my wrist watch and growled angrily. It was past 7:45 P.M., and it would start getting dark soon. I hefted my pack and filled my lungs with as much air, and shuffled on my tired feet. They didn't want to cooperate. I was exhausted, but I had to press on.I trudged up a trail, noticing paws and hoof prints on the wet ground. I didn't pay too much attention. My mind was set on finding my way back to the four-wheeler and then heading to camp. I was rapidly losing steam, but I continued to slog up the trail. I was tired, wet, cold, hungry, and desperate. I reached for the side pocket of my hiking bag and pull a Kashi granola bar. It wasn't as good as I imagined, but it help stave off the hunger.The sun was rapidly setting. I was itching from the hordes of mosquitoes that bit me. I continued down the path and entered a flower-covered clearing. There were trees surrounding it, but I could see the sky. It's gray. The clouds were hiding the remnant rays of light. I stopped, confused, because I didn't know what else to do. I tried calling Dan, my stepfather, but my phone had no signal. I was starting to get worried, but tried not to let it bother me. Dan always said to keep a leveled head."What do I do?" I asked myself and flopped on the wet grass.I took off the hiking pack and rummage for a lighter. If I was going to settle here for the time being, might as well try to build a fire. I trudged around the area, hoping to find dry twigs and branches to make a fire, when I heard the soft footsteps. I gulped and looked around. Nothing.The wind blew loudly causing the low branches to sway slowly. I narrowed my eyes when I saw a flash of gray or black fur hiding behind a boulder. Fear tugged at the pit of my stomach. I turned around and tried walking across the clearing. I was nervous. I knew that I shouldn't try to do this, but I felt something pushing me towards the strange mass hiding behind the rock. I could see the rise and fall of its back. I didn't know what it was. It was just dark fur. I continued my slow inspection and stopped when our eyes met. I tried to make my feet move, but I just kept staring. The moment the creature stood up, I shrieked in fear."Shit!" I said, taking a step back.The giant hairy beast... bear-dog-thingy started galloping at a comfortable pace toward me. I fell on my ass, but quickly scrambled to my feet. The thing came into focus and it started to take shape in front of me. I wasn't curious anymore. I didn't want to know what it was. I ran, looking over my shoulder to see if the beast was behind me. I made it to the center of the clearing, but fell on my face. The animal was bordering the clearing, as it sniffed the air.It's a bear! A giant bear! I quickly reacted; plopping on the floor in a fetal position, just like my stepdad always told me to do if I ever came across a bear... My hands covered my face, while I prayed silently.I was out of luck, the beastly bear continued to approach me. My heart was racing fast that it barely pumped oxygen into my blood stream. It wanted to jump out of my chest. My hands felt numb against the skin of my face. Cold sweat formed at the nape of my neck, when I felt the animal's presence."Go away, please. Go away!" I mumbled with fear.I peeked between my fingers and saw the bear's powerful legs standing a few inches from me. I didn't dare to look up. Its warm breath touched my skin and I could feel its muzzle touching my elbow. I held my breath and prayed that it got bored of me and left quickly.I remained on the floor in a fetal position for the longest time. It's really getting late, but the stupid bear just sat a few feet across from me. Maybe it didn't want to hurt me, but I wasn't gonna risk it. After what seemed like an eternity, I peeked through my fingers again, and found the large beast curled in a ball, sleeping. Its eyes were closed and it made sounds like it was snoring. I took that as my cue to get the fuck out of there. I tried not to make a sound as I carefully stood up and traipsed to where my hiking bag was.In seconds, I was sprinting. I ran so fast that I barely managed to grab my hiking bag. I looked over my shoulder, making sure that the bear wasn't behind me. As I hurried, I blindly rummaged through my pack trying to find my pepper spray or my stun gun. I was far enough from the sleeping bear, or so I thought. I looked back and it was gone! Baffled, I continued searching for the stunt gun, but gasped in horror when I saw the bear standing mere inches from me."Go away!" I ordered. It moved back, but stayed near me. "Leave me alone, please." I begged the beast.It lowered its head, almost to my eye level and the fur on the creature hackled and it snarled a warning that made my hairs stand up. I shook in my hiking boots. Tears rolled down my face. I made a silent prayer and asked god to save me from this uncommon situation.Behind the curtains of my eyes I noticed the bear pacing around me. It growled and snarled whenever it looked at me."What? What did I do?" I screamed at it. It wasn't a bright idea, because bears can't understand humans.It growled loudly at me and turned its back on me."I'm scared!" I shivered and fell to my knees. I was about to give up; let it eat me, when I heard movement around us. The bear's ears peaked, the head snapped up and a low, guttural sound came out its mouth.It meticulously stepped back toward me. I was anxious! Its back was to me, as it began to carefully inspect his surroundings. I jumped startled when a fawn came out of the bushes followed by its mother. The creature relaxed and turned to face me.I gasped, enthralled by those captivating vibrant hazel eyes. Its hardened expression softened and wondered if it only meant to protect me and not harm me."Where you protecting me?" I blurted out.It held my gaze with careful curiosity. The animal turned at an angle where it didn't seem so large and intimidating and approached me. I gulped and whimpered. My tears seemed to fall down my face on their own accord. The animal, after a thorough inspection, started to look more like a giant wolf."You are a wolf, right?" I asked, only to be replied by a low rumbling from the wolf and the fact that he rolled his eyes at me.I began to cry, again. The wolf slowly ambled to my side, until it was a hair breadth away from where I was. It lowered its head to my level and startled me when it began licking my face. I was surprised by its action that I didn't dare to move. He licked my face several times, lapping up the tears off my face and nuzzled its wet nose against my cheek."Thank you," I whispered.It sighed and sat in a way that I was comfortably surrounded by his warm fur."What are you?" I asked myself, as it continued to tickle my neck with his wet nose. I vacillate to touch the long fur of the neck. He leaned down and encouraged me to touch him. The fur of its neck was soft and warm against my fingers.The fear within me dissipated and contentment settled in. "I'm lost... I wish I could find my way back home. Not to my house..." I mumbled, causing the animal to rise to its full height. I missed his warmth, but looked at him with amazement. Just being in front of such frightening, yet magical creature seemed to make my heart all fuzzy with love. It was a once in a lifetime chance."Can you help me find my way back home?" I asked and laughed at my own stupidity. "Take me away with you."It stared strangely at me, but doesn't move."What am I saying?" I laughed nervously "I'm talking to an animal." Yes, he seemed smart, but he probably didn't understand me. I shook my head and looked down at the floor.I peeped again at him and the wolf's eyes were dancing with whimsical curiosity. "I've gone crazy, my dear Mr. Wolf. I'm asking you to help me find my way back home. I know you can't understand me and show me my way back home, right?"The wolf sighed, rolled its eyes in irritation, and licked my cheek. It stared down at me with such acumen and intelligence in those hazel orbs that I was shocked. I took a step back and scratched my head in confusion."Let me get this straight," I paused dramatically and move closer to him. "You can understand me?" I asked.It made a sound, similar to laughing and then moved that massive head up and down in reply to my question."You understand me?" It nodded again and hissed softly. "If you do, um, understand me," I paused and cowered in fear at the sentient animal that stood before me, "can you, like move a few steps back, please? I need space to process all this." I chuckled anxiously.To my relief and surprise, it did exactly as I asked him, but with an attitude." Y-you have to e-excuse me," I stuttered. "You sort of scare me." I sobbed and absentmindedly rubbed my upper arms to keep myself warm.The creature turned around angrily and picked up my hiking bag with its massive mouth and dropped it at my feet. I grabbed it, gathering the contents that spilled and hesitated when I noticed the wolf looking back at me."Can you really take me home?" I asked.In my head I sounded so stupid. I knew that I must've gone mad, but I went with it. The wolf nodded aggravated and started walking. It stopped a few yards away from me and motioned me to follow it with its head. I trailed after it. I didn't have a choice. It's already dark outside and drizzling. The creature seemed to know where it was heading. I felt an eerie sensation flow through me. Somehow I knew that I could trust the wolf. Stumbling into the darkness, I followed the vicious-looking beast.
