Hi, my penname is MyTime2Shine; it's nice to meet you :)Disclaimer: I don't own any characters of Twilight Breaking Dawn. I'm simply borrowing them to share my creativity with the world.Thank you to dimitra.m and Bayleaf86 for your follows and favorites!Part !: MortalAngels.There are legends of them. Beautiful, powerful beings that are good, pure. My family is nothing of the sort. They are good, but never innocent. They all have blood on their hands. They look like you, live among you, but they aren't human. They harness the elements to protect the human race. I am called Janetta, but that's not my name. I am human, destined to Guard the seas. The Kings are looking for us, so we must hide. Danger lurks around the corner, and we must all be ready.I must be ready.1: Called(Janetta's POV)Walking along the boardwalks of Costa Rica, I carry a surfboard against my hip, my long wavy ponytail wet from my time at the beach.I haven't seen the others in years. We spilt up as a safety precaution, agreeing to only contact if absolutely necessary. It was hard at first, but we all had to stay strong and hope that we would see each other again one day.My phone rings; combing my hair behind my ear; surprise courses through my veins when an Egyptian voice came over the phone."Janetta?"A soft gasp escapes my mouth, "Francesca?"She lets out cry of relief, "You're okay! She's okay." She mumbles again, more to herself."I-I am. I mean-" I let out a tearful chuckle, leaning against the railing for support, "h-how're you? Are the others safe? Are they with you?""Not yet. We're meeting the others at the Cullen's residence in Forks, Washington. I-I'll explain when we're together.""Ok." I whisper, "Can't wait to see you."I hang up with the biggest smile I've had on my face in years, 'Finally.'(Alice POV)I smile as the haze of a vision dispersed. I turn to Jasper, pecking his cheek,"They've got the youngest," I say to the family, beaming at Bella, "they'll be here in a few days.""You think they'll be able to help us?""I'm sure Carlisle. I've seen it; they'll be more than willing to help."The centuries-old vampire seems to have a ton of weight lifted off his shoulders. He smiles at me, "Thank you, Alice. This will be easy, considering they know about our kind. No secrets."Edward glances at me, I quickly block my mind.The only thing they didn't know was that the elementals have secrets of their own.Ok, sorry, I know it's short, but the next ch will be longer. R&R;!
