Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer holds all rights to these wonderful characters. I don't want her to come sue me and make more money off this vampire franchise(:B POVI just came home from La Push, I was visiting Jake, or at least trying to."Jake isn't home right now, Bella." Billy told me when he answered the door."I thought he had mono. People who are sick like that don't just go and hang out with their friends. You and I know better than that," I sounded like I was accusing him, but I guess it was just my anger at Jacob.Billy's face softened, but his resolve didn't, "Bella it isn't my secret to tell," He looked into my eyes more intensely, "I think you know how that feels; Trust me, Jake wants to see you too, but it's against the rules." That was all he could tell me whilst being vague."Thanks Billy," I lent down and gave him a hug, he always treated me like his own child, he and Charlie were close enough I guess Charlie rubbed off on him, "Please tell Jake I was here. And that I want to speak to him as soon as possible."I hopped into my truck quickly, trying not to get rained on, and put my key into the ignition. I turn the key a couple of times but the engine wouldn't start; Just my luck. Forks is a 40 minute drive  not counting on the horrible state of my truck, making it almost an hours journey.I banged my head against the steering wheel and just stayed in that position until I heard someone banging on the window of my truck. I looked over to see a shirtless Jacob and some other of his friends, who were all shirtless too. What is up? Is there a best 6 pack competition going on at the beach or something? But anyway, I leaned over and cranked the handle to the window and looked up to see a confused, angry, and somewhat guilty look on Jake's face.I rolled down the crank-powered window and sighed, waiting for Jacob's onslaught of bullshit."Bella, what are you doing here? I told you to stay away," He spit through his teeth."But Jacob, I told you to cut the crap. I don't know what your problem is, but it needs to stop. Is it some kind of puberty thing? Or are your new 'buddies' forcing you to stop, huh?" I looked pointedly at the boys standing behind Jake."Look, Bella, this is something that I physically can't tell you. But, you're a smart girl, remember those Quileute legends I told you? Think, Bella that's all I can say. Please, please; you have no idea how much I want to tell you, but it's not my secret to tell," and with that cryptic message, he and his friends ran into the forest. What was he saying?I tried starting my truck again, and thank the high heavens I heard the familiar rumble of the old engine come to life. I backed off the side of the road and began my long trek home.I hadn't noticed that it was nightfall until I was on a familiar path that had tall, dense pine trees tightly packed on each side, it almost made me claustrophobic. The road was narrow and curvy; I turned on my brights right before I came around this large bend.All I saw was a flash of white and a blazing red before i closed my eyes, bracing for the impact of whatever I was speeding towards.A/N: I know it's quite obvious about what will happen, but I hate stories that have no back story/ backbone.Truthfully I decided to write stories because 1) it's summer and I am extremely bored with life, and 2) I need to post 5 stories to become a beta reader, and I strangely like editing and reviewing work, mostly because I'm good at it.Shout out if you need a skillful beta(; and a review would be nice, point out any gaps in the story or spelling or punctuation errors. Thanks.
