Title: Battle of the BandsRating: M for later chaptersPairing: Leah Clearwater and Jasper HaleSummary: Two childhood friends both enter the battle of the bands competition after making a bet. Will love be found or will their competitive natures ruin a budding romance?Disclaimer: I do not own anyone or anything from Twilight!Jasper Hale was not a morning person and he never had been so when he woke up to someone banging on the door to the ratty apartment he shared with his sister his first reaction was to slam the pillow over his ears and pretend he wasn't home. It was probably just the landlord coming to bitch them being behind on rent again and the honey blond male really did not need to hear it. He had lost his job as a bouncer a popular bar the night before when he got in to a fight with one of the male customers who kept grabbing Rosalie as she danced on stage. Now he would have to find another job to help pay for the apartment from hell or they would be crashing with friends for a while and nobody liked a bum."Open the fucking door!" Leah Clearwater called from the other side as she tapped her foot impatiently. She was very close to Rosalie and it was common for her to show up at all hours. "I know that one of you is home and I can hear you groaning from the other side of the door. It's two in the fucking afternoon so drag your ass off the couch and let me in or else the racket you are hearing will only get worse when I start kicking it as well. Besides that creepy as hell landlord keeps poking his head through the door to look at me and nobody has the money to bail me out of jail again for kicking his face in. Plus if another roach crawls over my shoe I may just have a fucking panic attack and you don't to be responsible for my death do you?"He rubbed his eyes and yanked the pillow from his head since it wasn't working at drowning her out. Getting up he stretched while running a hand tiredly down his face. He unlocked the door and opened it wide. "My sister would probably miss you, but let's make one thing clear, I most certainly would not. What the fuck is so important that you had to practically break the door down? You know we cannot afford to replace it again.""Put a shirt on you pale freak." Leah replied with a roll of her eyes before shoving him out of the way and scanning the apartment for signs of his sister. "Where is your sister?""I see you are dressed for your corner." Jasper bit back as he reached down to pick up the closest shirt from the floor. He shook it out to make sure no roaches were hiding and was happy to realize it was roach free. Sliding it over his head he shrugged. "I don't know I was probably out of it by the time she came in. I was nursing a bruised ego and concussion from the fight that cost me my job. Try the bedroom since it was her turn to use it."The tanned female scowled as she looked down at her outfit which consisted of a white half shirt that read 'Joan Jett and the Blackhearts', some worn out jeans she had cut the knees out of, and black converse sneakers she'd picked up at a yard sale for a buck. Her chin length hair was pulled back in a low pony tail with a few strands framing her face. "You're just pissed that even if I did work on a corner I would never serve you. Everyone knows you've wanted me for years."Pushing him out of the way yet again she made her way to the bedroom where she found her best friend sleeping peacefully on the mattress that had no bed frame and was on the floor. With a wicked grin she leapt on to the mattress while landing right on top of Rose. "Wake up sunshine you know you've missed me and I have the best fucking news ever! Get your blond ass up while I make coffee and if you are not out in fifteen minutes I am coming back with a bucket of ice water. You won't get any second warnings."The blond stripper groaned as she sat up pushing her friend off of her. "Bitch I just went to bed like four hours again. What is so important that it couldn't wait?""Well you won't find that out until you drag your fine ass in to the kitchen." Leah replied slapping Rosalie's ass as she got up. "I'll be in the kitchen and I wasn't lying about the ice water Rose."Jasper had been in the kitchen making coffee when his younger by a year sister's evil sleep ruining buddy came in and took the coffee from hands right before he could take a drink. She took a sip and made a face. "Gross you made it black. You know I hate fucking black coffee."He smirked and took the cup from her. "Well since it wasn't meant for you I hold no apologies in my heart. Now are you going to tell me why you're here?""Because you'd be lost without me?" She answered with a question, but before she could say anything else Rosalie came in to the room and after taking the coffee from her brother before he take another sip she down glaring at Leah as if she wanted to set a pack on hungry dogs loose on her ass. The Native American woman rolled her eyes with a smile as she pulled out a piece of paper from her back pocket before unfolding it and slamming it down on the table causing the poor thing to rattle harshly. "I found our way out of this suck ass town. You are going to thank me for waking you up when we are living it up in like L. A. or something."Jasper took the paper from the table and almost burst out laughing. He knew that Rosalie and Leah were in a band called the 'She-wolves' with Alice Cullen, and Angela Webber, but if they honestly thought they stood a chance then the girls were sorely mistaken. Sure Rose was one hell of a singer, Leah could rock guitar, Alice knew how to beat drums, and Angela was decent at bass, but they needed to realize there were other bands out there and his was one of them. "You actually think you can win a battle of the bands competition? You do know that Edward already signed our band up for it doesn't you? You as may well withdraw your name because you don't stand a chance against 'Southern Justice' and you know it.""Oh yeah?" She hissed narrowing her eyes and leaning across the table to put her face right up in his personal space. "I'll have you know that we stand a better chance than you guys and your fruity band that you try pass as a rock band.""How about a wager then darlin'?" Jasper questioned with a wide smile. "If you win which you won't, but if by some miracle you do then my band and I will be your roadies for the year you are on tour across the U.S. and if we win then you do the same for us."When he stuck his hand out to seal the deal she spit in her own hand before shaking his firmly. "You have a deal you redneck poser and since the competition takes place in Florida we should all ride together in my dad's old van and Edward's mother's minivan to save on gas."Rosalie who had been quiet the entire time suddenly jumped up and started bouncing around the room with Leah. "I can finally quit my stripping job! Oh we so need to get Alice and Angela and practice. Jazzy we call using the Cullen garage for practice today and I am taking the car."With that the girls were gone and Jasper picked up the phone to call Edward his best buddy. After four rings the other male picked up and Jasper sighed in to the phone. "Dude you need to sign us up for battle of the bands and we need to borrow your mother's minivan. We are taking a little road trip."TBCAN: *Hangs head in shame* I know I should not have started another story, but it was stuck in my head and my muse made me by holding me hostage and my other stories hostage until I started this one. It was only the prologue, but still I hope that you all liked it and I would love to hear your thoughts.Please R&R; like always!
