AN: Hey, so I re read my old story and found it lacking. I didn't like the way it was written and they plot plan was too complex. So it's being re written. I'll keep some parts of the story and just improve and I will be removing a lot. I made Rudi too perfect and all powerful so, I'm switching that up. I'm really sorry it's been neglected for so long but, I've been busy finishing my exams and more recently at my new job. Hopefully I'll keep you updated. Many thanks, Percypen xxxDark grey clouds loomed overhead. Threatening to shed heavy rain upon the lush green foliage below. The air was warm and humid. Stagnant and stifling. It seemed to increase tensions. Why today of all days had the facade escalated when forever was stretched out before them? Perhaps fate had tied complex webs since times itself waiting dormant for this day to arise its gloomy head before a different storm broke. Instead of rain a torrent of harsh biting words rained down, tearless sobs and anger filled growls replaced booming thunder beneath a bloody canvas of the dawn. Fate. Destiny. Sheer bad luck. Suffice to say, this had been a long time coming.Jasper Hale sat motionless as sculpted marble on a fallen log, shaded from what little light could evade the cover of clouds by tall over reaching trees and fat green leaves stretched wide like a greedy child's hand asking for more. As in Forks, rain was never scarce. At this moment however, company was- at least for Jasper. It would take a long while before anyone found him. His anger and instincts guiding him far away from where his world crumbled like shattered glass around him. He'd run faster than ever before, as far away from them as he could. He should have been expecting it. All the signs were there, he just hadn't paid attention, hadn't wanted to admit the truth that had been staring him in the face for so very long.His Alice. His sweet beloved Alice had used him. Had taken his unwavering trust, loyalty and sheer adoration, throwing it aside like it was nothing. Nothing at all. The walls he'd built long since taken down by her now arose around his shattered heart, stronger and more guarded than before. Unchanged by design this complete and utter emotional upheaval left him broken and battered. The betrayal stung worse than any bite could. The agony of knowing the very person he held most dear had used him for her own selfish aims was more than he could bare.Plip. Plip. Plip. The rain began to fall. Jasper sighed heavily and turned his eyes to the heavens. Gazing up at the sky in anguish. How could it be true? How could Alice have played with his emotions just to find Edward. Her 'true' mate. He thought that all this time he'd been imagining it. That the emotions he'd felt, the side glances, knowing looks and lingering touches had been benign. But, now with startling clarity he could finally understand the truth. Alice had used him to find her one true love. How he despised them. Skulking around behind his back for years. Years!A silent sob wracked his prone form but, he buckled down desperately trying to hold it in. It was all he could do to prevent himself breaking down into a barrage of tearless sobs. Then it hit like a wave, crashing into him mercilessly and all control he so, very desperately clawed at dissipated. The sheer knowledge that he was alone again plunged him into a wallowing pit of utter despair. That everything he'd done was for her sake and now without her what was he? Who was he? A harsh heart wrenching cry fell from his lips and his arms wrapped themselves around himself as if holding all the broken parts together. Unshedable tears filled his eyes and his body shook from the force of his sorrow. He sobbed tearless cries for hour upon hour. As if he'd never cease. The agony inside ever retreated, only seeming to fester the longer he dwelled upon it.Then as with all storms it suddenly and violently came to an end after a truly heart breaking crescendo in which he screamed agonizing sobs into the rain, his body spasming uncontrollably. Leaving him breathless out of habit as he fought tooth and nail for some semblance of control. Gathering his already wavering resolve he stumbled to his feet unbalanced by the strength of his emotions. And locked everything about her away, deep and dark into the very depths. As far from any light he could.A chirping bird flew off startled. His eyes flickered in the direction of the soft gauged foot falls as whatever it was came closer, unnoticed by him during his break down, leaves and twigs snapping underfoot, Simply too emotionally spent to move Jasper remained transfixed upon the ever growing in volume sounds. Soon a soft rhythmic thudding became distinguishable.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.The faint hush of breath leaving lips.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.The familiar rustle of clothing.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Blood coursing through veins.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Worry. Pure concern. Determination.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Seeping from every pore, thick and oozing.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Swirling around him.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Then through the tree line he saw her.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Human. Female.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Blind.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Eyes clouded like misty pools.Ba-Bum. Ba-Bum.Alert yet, unseeing.BA-BUM. BA-BUM.BA-BUM. BA- BUM."Hello? Are you alright? I heard someone crying...' a soft melodic voiced laced with concern asked. Silence. She huffed."Come now, don't be ashamed. We all need a good cry every now and again." She voiced and this time Jasper could distinguish her crisp British accent much more pronounced than Carlisle's. He sighed to low for human ears. Then surprisingly, she turned towards him stepping forward."Aha! There you are." She said triumphant, a small soft hand coming to rest on his arms. He continued to be frozen now stunned."Bloody Hell! Your freezing. How long were you out here?" Her question met with silence. Sighing, she slowly began to unbutton her coat and in those brief moments Jasper really looked at her. Relatively tall and slim. Athletic. Pale skin with a light dusting of a tan. Short black hair. Unseeing eyes. Pink lips. Soft features."Here." She said drawing him away from his observation. Her hand found his arms again before charting her way up and over his shoulders, placing her green canvas coat over him. Before tugging at his prone form."C'mon we better get you inside before you catch a cold." She told him pulling insistently. He gave in allowing himself to be dragged half dazed thrugh the trees. He watched on slightly fascinated that this blind girl could navigate the woods so well only pausing now and again to brush her free palm against the odd shrub or tree trunk.Soon they came to a small wooden cabin nestled in the heart of a small clearing a dirt path winding out from the opposite treeline. It lay beneath a covering of tree branches that filtered what little lights escaped the clouds. The wood was old and weathered as if this cabin had been lost in time. Three times as long as it was tall it only rose about a storey from the grass strewn ground. A small plume of smoke drifting hypnotically into the sky from a small chimney. Small windows dotted the walls revealing and interior hidden behind beige cardboard boxes. Thick dirt tracks scarred the ground near the trail marring the tranquil scene with deep gouges filled with water from the recent downpour."Home Sweet Home." The voice sighed aloud a familiar warmth curling around the words. She stopped a moment and fiddled with her keys that jangled loudly before walking over to the large heavy oak door and unlocking it with a click. A heavy creak replied as she opened the door with ease pulling him through into the cabin.Even though the cabin was ripe with boxes of varying sizes a warm homey feeling was clearly embedded in the large open room. The large studio room dressed in reds and browns made it fell welcoming and cosy. By the door pegs lined the wall and shoes littered the floor near the mat. The coat around his shoulders was removed and hung upon the waiting arm of the hatstand. Before she lead him over to the large luxurious red leather sofa the back and arms pulled taught into decorative diamonds by wooden dowels. It sat opposite the large fireplace which revealed the culprit of the smoke as it crackled merrily at the wooden logs.After placing him down at the sofa the girl scurried over to the matching armchair where she reached into a dark brown wicker chest and pulled out a warm angora tartan blanket and wrapped it around him securely. She then walked briskly over- past the large dark oak ood dining table and chairs- to the kitchen in the corner of the room with red tabletops and dark chocolate furnishings. She filled up a red kettle with water before placing it on to boil and gathered up a cup of something on the counter.The kettle whistled sharply and she filled the cup to the brim with boiling water before slowly returning to his side grabbing the phone handset from its cradle."Now, whats your name?" She asked as she placed the steaming mug into his cold and shaking hands She glared when it seemed like he wasn't complying."Jasper Hale Ma'am." He relied monotonously almost reflexively. Blinking slowly she gestured to his cup before crossing her arms and glaring at him once more. Grimacing he complied and downed the foul tasting beverage."That's Better. I'm Rudi Willow. It's a pleasure. How old are you?" She replied bluntly. Jasper blinked reflexively before replying."Nineteen." She scowled at his answer and began to dial a number into the phone. It rang three times before anyone picked up."Hello Carlisle? It's Rudi. No, I'm fine thank you. I found a boy out in the woods by me in shock. Stone cold and shaking. he must've been out in the rain for hours. Won't say a thing. Yes. I did manage to get a name. Jasper Hale sound familiar? Oh really? I see. Yes, understood. Oh? Well, he's welcome to stay. He's safe here and there's no rush. If your sure. Bring the others. Yes, I will. See you then. Goodbye." She hung up before glaring angrily at Jasper."You don't think you could have mentioned you were a vampire before I embarrassed myself? She demanded.
