*Note*I'm re-writing the story because I think that with the way it's going the end might be hard to put together! There have also been some changes! Ages: Edward: 21Bella: 20Alice: 20Jasper: 21Angela: 20Mike: 22Eric: 21Lauren: 21Jessica: 20The ages are like this because in my story people finish university at 19. So age 5-9 is elementary school. 10-15 high school! Kay now that's out of the wayI would like to introduce mrscullenbby! Why am I introducing her!?Because she is my new BETA and she is god's gift sent to the earth!Go on her profile and check out her stories! It might encourage her to continue them!On a serious note!Reviews!I'm aware that The Assistant has 36 followers! And if those and other readers, yes you too the other 627 viewers to review it would mean a lot!Now enough of my note! To the story!Warning there are movie quotes hidden in chapters see if you can spot them and tell me what they are to receive your very own reviewer SPOTLIGHT!Disclaimer:If I owned twilight why would I be writing on FANfiction and not out there using my money to get out of jail for keeping Taylor Launter in my basement! :PB.P.O.VThe real worldSomething that I have looked forward to my entire life, but it was harder than I thought it would be! I recently graduated from Harvard and by recently I mean one year ago! I would have thought that the fact that I went to Harvard would have sealed the deal at my first job interview! But seeing as how I had "been accepted in the middle of the second year of university there was no way to verify whether I had the potential to be the one they needed" and they ended that note with a big fat "I'm sorry" and an apologetic fake smile on their faces. After a while of long harsh rejection I decided to lower my standards of jobs but unfortunately I think I lowered them too much because I ended up working at a restaurant! That's right you heard me, working there, not there to eat the food, not there to judge and write in my very own critic food column and not there to celebrate a well-earned promotion but just there to serve people with better jobs and lives than me! If my father could see me now he would firstly gloat about how he was right before welcoming me into his arms! Was this life really the reason I left home? Because if this is independence then it sucks real bad and smells like *sniff* rotten tomato? Yeah, I definitely need a new job! Not everything was bad though! Not my Dave! He was perfect, kind, loving and caring! At first I thought he was a player and called him out on what he really was, and then I had the shock of my life when he indicated that he was my boss! Talk about Awkward! He was the reason I didn't quit! He held me grounded and calm . And I loved him.yeah I loved hi-. My musing was suddenly interrupted by:"My Milkshake Brings All the Boys to the YardDamn RightIt's better than yours-"I groaned! Urgh! Alice! The only person to ever call at 2AM! I grabbed the phone and answered the call and casually draped my left hand over my eyes."Hello! Alice I'm really ti-""You are so beautiful babe!"Aw! Dave! I had forgotten that the love of my life and Alice liked that ringtone, so I had set it for the both of them. Before I could explode out of happiness my bubble was broken and left my happiness deflated."Oh Dave you are SO charming!" A girl giggledI quickly sat up!"Dave this is NOT funny! It's not even April Fools!""Charming you is one of the things I love in our relationship""Really?""Really!""What! How could you! What about OUR relationship! You idiot! You are in a relationship!""I can't get you out of my head, you're always there making it harder for me to hold back,""When I get my hands on you...!""Why ARE you holding back!?""Because I care about you,""Dave! What the-! Wait you are repeating the thing you said to me you LIAR! ""Why is that?""Yeah, why IS that!""You are beautiful""You Pig!""Amazing""You motherfucking cocksucking douchelicker!"(insult by mrscullenbby)"Sweet,""Two timing,""Kind,""Freaking little,""Did I say beautiful?""You are.Stupid, a liar and a sleazebag!""You're one of a kind""I thought I was your one of a kind"The anger started to die down and left grief and my broken heart."Because I love-""Don't say it! Don't say it""You,"I realised in shock what he was going to say next."Only you,""Only you," He announced a moment later I had the urge to scream, cry, shout and hurt something so I did all of four."Lindsay,""Shh, let's go upstairs"I growled, picked up the phone and chucked it at the wall! I needed someone! I was broken! I needed a friend! One that's up at this time! Alice! I ran to my phone hoping i had not broken it"Pick, pick, pick-up""Hello?""A-A-Ali I-I need you,""What's wrong?"""I just need you""I'll be right over!" She spoke softly "JASPER!"I let out a soft laugh combined with a sob and hung up. I hugged my knees and cried gently into them. I was glad Alice had the keys to my house, I could hear them parking but I didn't have the strength to stand up and go open the door. She entered my room as the car could be heard departing. I realised something."What took you so long?""Ben 'n' Jerry?"I didn't know whether it was her friendship intuition OR her "Psychic Powers" but Alice always knew the right thing to say and do. She put on a chick flick and it came up to the part where the guy was promising the girl things that I finally broke down and chucked my chocolate ice cream towards the TV."LIAR!" I screamed."You know I never liked him! I can't believe I shared a ringtone with him!"I sobbed on Alice's shoulder for the rest of the night. By morning I had gotten over the sadness and self-questioning was left and I had been frequently asking Alice questions like:"Did I not treat him right?""Maybe she was prettier!""I pushed him away right?""How long has this been going on!?""I bet you it was that winter when I tripped him up in the ice!""That's a stupid reason right!?"The doorbell, like many other things, interrupted me from my pacing and we glanced at the door me in fear and Alice in anger."Ohmygod! What do I do!?""Leave this to me!"She marched to the door and yanked the door while I dashed behind the wall"Dave how dare you show your- oh it's just you,""Ha! Very nice to your friend's building manger aren't you Alice,""Yeah too nice, next time I'll throw in an insult. No wait, you beat me to the punch when you showed up here,""What!? I'm an insult to you, the very thing that lets your friend stay here,"I decided to come out from my hiding spot and talk to Logan."Hey Logan,"But he was too busy listening to what Alice said next."Yeah just because, you have a crush on her!""Bitch Please,""Yeah that's right first time she moved here you followed her upstairs like a loyal bitch begging please.""Logan, what do I owe this displeasure," I askedHe made a face at alice then to me "Anyway Swan, you are behind on payments,""Huh? I just paid,""Yes, for last month. What about this month?""The restaurant is just going through troubles,""That's not good enough! You have one week to pay before we evict you,"I shut the door and went to tell Alice my dilemma."I can lend you money,""No, I couldn't take it,""Yes, Bella take it. You could pay me by.mmhhh Are you going to work for Dave again?""Heck no!""You can work in my boutique and just think of this money as an early pay check,""thanks alice I don't know what I would do without you!""Good, now let get you through the anger stage,"Alice said I would never let this go if I didn't go through all the stages and now she wanted me to unveil my anger on the person who caused. I got dressed and went to the restaurant because I was going to do some damage. Alice had kindly asked Marco to tape it by screaming in his ear. I had come into the restaurant at 12 o'clock, my brain had been reeling at the fact that he hadn't bothered to tell me. I opened the door Dave's restaurant and made my way to the changing room to put uniform. When I came out I saw him flirting with some red headed bimbo! I mean seriously if he was going to flirt behind my back the least he could have done was do it smartly not flirt when I am the same room as him! I walked to the counter and began to make a drink. That's when he looked up caught my eye and began to walk over. Asshole! I tried to hide my anger but when he walked to me and tried to kiss me?! I lost it! BIG TIME."Hey babe, what's wrong," He asked concerned."Nothing," I said through gritted teeth."There's obviously something wrong!" he countered."Nope nothing," I looked down. "Do you have anything to tell me anything at all?""Like?" He asked, innocently. Too damn innocent, for my liking."Anything that you haven't told me that I need to know?" I asked."Babe I have no idea-""Who the hell is Lindsay!?" I all but shouted."W-who," He stuttered"You heard me!Lindsay! Your bitch! Your whore!" I yelled."Babe let's not talk about this here," he whispered."No! Let's talk, right now ABOUT HOW MY BOYFRIEND FOR 2YEARS GOES AROUND SNEAKING WITH SKANKS!"I chucked the drink I had been making right in his face and watched as the coke dripped down to his clothing. I walked in front of another table that held two pies ."LETS TALK ABOUT YOU SAID YOU WOULD NEVER HURT ME!"I turned to the table and towards the girl who was having pie with her boyfriend."May i?" I indicated at the pie"Sure just go ahead," She smiled.I took the pie and smashed it in his face."OR HOW YOU SAID I WAS THE ONE FOR AND HOW MUCH YOU LOVED ME!"I went to the soda machine, grabbed the sprayer and pulled on the trigger to release 7up on him"YOU ARE FIRED SWAN! YOU HEAR ME FIRED!" My boss screamed"WHY WOULD I WANT TO WORK WITH AN ASS LIKE YOU ANYWAY," I asked shot back"IM GLAD I CHEATED ON YOU!""YOU JERK!"I went up to him and slapped his face before heading to the door, I was surprised when the rest of the people inside followed me out including the cooks. I hailed a cab, tears running down my face and handed the driver the address and waited for him to take me there. As soon as I reached my destination, Alice's boutique I ran inside."Sorry ma'am but we closed-, aw Bella come here," Alice beckoned.*One Month Later*It was just near closing time and my job interview had not gone the way I wanted, so here I was, back at Alice's Boutique, working around something I did not love doing but I had become more fashionable but it wasn't something I picture myself doing. Suddenly Alice jumped in front of me. I let out a scream."sorry,""IforgotitoldJasperiwouldpack upearlyforourplanstonight!"Over the years I've known Alice I had grown used to her rapid talking and if you don't know what she said it was 'I forgot I told Jasper, I would pack up early for our plans tonight'."That's okay, we can just close right now,""Phew,"She turned around and started shouting instructions to the customers and ushering them outside telling them they could resume their shopping tomorrow but bounced back in front of me in an instant making me scream once again"What now!""I promised my brother I would leave his suit at his work place tonight!""Woow, you show do make some promises you can't keep,""Bella," She asked in a cute voice."No!""But""no""Remember the time when I""Never speak of it! I'll go,""Aw thanks Bella, I hadn't even asked yet,""Whatever," And being the mature person I am I stuck my middle finger only to have her bounce out of the way leaving me aiming it at some poor man who looked at quizzically wondering what he did. I blushed furiously cursing Alice in my head.As soon as we closed up Alice was hailing cabs like crazy but all of them passed by in yellow blur"WHAT THE HELL IS THAT! YOU KNOW IF IT WASN'T FOR ME YOU WOULDN'T HAVE A JOB THERE BUDDY! WHATS THE POINT OF YOUR JOB IF YOU ARENT GOING TO-," Alice stopped when two cabs parked on the side of the street "Finally!"She climbed in hastily and commanded the driver to take her to her house. I jumped in my cab and handed the cab driver the directions on the cute little square cards in my hand and left the rest to him to handle. When he stopped, I got out and glanced at the giant building in front of me."Are you sure this is the-," I stopped when turned around to see the taxi gone "THIS IS WHY YOU GET NO TIP BUDDY!"I have been around Alice way too much! I was about to ask for directions when my eyes met the big bold capital letters on the side of the building that read.CULLEN INC Yep that's the right place. I questioned myself no further. I headed to the door only to have opened for me. A door man! They have a door man. Why did the Cullen family have to be so successful! I walk into the unfamiliar lobby in search for the elevator, which I spotted on the left. When I heard thee ding I stepped into the elevator followed by a blonde haired, blue eyed guy. I pressed the top button that said Cullen on it. Wow, what a detailed elevator, blue eyes pressed the number 21. Shit! This thing is high up! I am scared of heights! I closed my eyes and tried to clam down."Hey, I haven't seen you here before, my names mike," He greeted."That's because I am running an errand, oh and my names Bella," I smiled."What errand might that be," He snooped."I am delivering a suit for Mr. Cullen," I answered."No one goes up there without requesting a meeting,""Well," I said not in the mood to talk with this guy anymore.I was glad when he came to his stop. One more stop to go and I would deliver the suit leave and go home to cry about how crap my life is! I'm jobless so I don't think I'll have a home any longer. The elevator came to a halt and I stepped out into the reception of Edward's office. I stood shocked as a strawberry blonde came out of his office with tear masquerading down her face. I was brought back to reality when the doors to the office slammed shut. Hesitantly I walked forward clutching the suit tightly in my hand. I opened the door and stepped into the office."TANYA, I TOLD YOU THAT YOUR IGNORANT ASS IS NOT WORKING HERE ANYMORE! ITS FIRED! ARE YOU SERIOUSLY THAT STUPID THAT YOU CAN NOT TAKE A HIN-Wait, you are not Tanya,""What gave you that impression my brown hair and real boobs," I joked."If that's the kind of behaviour you present then you just failed your application before it even started,""I'm not here for an interview,""Then I suggest you stop wasting my time and leave immediately,""Whoa, what crawled up your ass and died,""Your jokes and apparently your insults too,""Listen here you-,""I don't have time to listen sorry but security!""What the hell is wrong with you,""Right now you are but as soon as you leave then you won't be my problem anymore,"I set my briefcase down on his desk and I glared at he did me."You jerk listen here, I am just here to do a nice deed for my best friend and to give you your damn suit and if you don't respect that, then why should I waste my time over this but I can leave you to waste yours when I take this home with me,""Listen I'm sorry I just had a bad day,""You are not the only one with bad day's honey, and I'm pretty sure mine was worse than yours,""You sure about that?""Pretty damn sure, pretty boy,""Well-," the door opened to reveal a 6 foot 4 man with large arms and legs that were threatening to tear out his suit "Ahh, Vincenzo! Please removethis from my office,""THIS! THIS," I was thrown over the large man's shoulder, he turned around and walked to the door and I saw Edward smirking at me "Put me down! I have legs I can walk!"I hit his back but to no avail, so I just lay limp over his shoulder trying to shield myself at the embarrassment I would have to face."Wait!" Edward shouted "Set her down and leave us,"Vincenzo put me down and left the office with a little bow, pathetic!"I am leaving,"I turned but when I put my had on the door knob he spoke again"Harvard?""Yeah, what about it?"He chose to ignore me"Why do you have a resume?""If you must know I went to job interview,""And I presume you got it,""Turned me down like I was the last bit of your mom's bad meatloaf,""Why not it says you went to Ha-,""Harvard don't mean bull if you transfer in the middle of the second year" I cut inHe seemed thoughtful."Can I have that back?""Do you want to work here?"I sat there dazed watching the expression of the person in front of me, searching for any hints of humour in his eyes or facial features that could indicate his previous words a joke."Sorry what?""You heard me, I don't like the habit of having to repeat myself,""And I don't like the habit of being around a jerk for more than five minute but look at that we both have to suffer,""WWell you are going to have to be around me for more than five minutes if you get this job,""Oh what a shame and it seemed like a good opportunity,""I didn't think you could handle it in anyway,""Oh I could handle it,""You won't last a week,""Try me,""None of them have,""Bring..iton!""You're hired then,"*Is that any better!? And if you read then please review! Reviews make me happy! Non reviews make me sad and lazy to update. And I'm sooooo lazy!
