A/N: The idea for this story came from a friend, so I'm doing this for her. Even though it takes place within the Twilight universe, it is heavily AU. I won't go into much detail because I want the story to tell itself. This IS a Bella/Alice femmeslash story, and it contains several gay and lesbian characters. So please, if that is not your forte don't read this story.The premise of this story is very influenced by the film Ginger Snaps. If any of you have seen it, I'm sure you'll pick up on the elements I've used.Disclaimer: Any character that is not an original creation is owned by Stephanie Meyer and Summit Entertainment. I own nothing.Chapter I: CursedFive Years Ago"It's fucking cold out here, Laurie!" I grumbled to my fraternal twin.My sister peered at me from under her black hoodie, "This was your idea, B. If you can't stand your ideas, stop having them! Besides, that bitch has pushed you around long enough"Ever since middle school, Tara Petersen has made it her just duty to harass both Lauren and I. We kept to ourselves, and I guess that made us easy targets. Yep, being the outcasts in a small Toronto suburb put a big red X on our backs. The fact that we were goths didn't help either. Lauren had always been into the darker lifestyle, but I had only just begun taking up her interests. Maybe the fact that we had two fathers played into the teasing as well. I mean, we weren't the 'normal' standardized family unit.So, now we were stalking around the woods leading towards Tara's house to trash her beloved Ferrari on a cold Canadian fall night. I'll admit that at the time of my idea's inception, it seemed fucking ingenuous! I mean, Tara did piss off a shit ton of people, so the blame wouldn't flow to us automatically. She did shove me into the gravel during gym the other day, which was unwarranted mind you. Frankly, I was tired of her crap. No teachers did anything about it, and that really pissed our fathers off. They have been considering going to the school board about it. So, naturally, I wanted to inflict some vengeance on that snobby pretentious bitch. And what better way to do that than trash her car?"I can't wait to see the look on her face!" Lauren chuckled to herself as she walked beside me, "And, I can't wait to hear what Papa G does at that board meeting tomorrow! It's been a long time coming, don't you think, sis?"I grinned at the image, "Oh, maybe he'll vamp out on them? That'll surprise the holy hell outta them!"Like I said, our family wasn't exactly 'normal'. Lauren and I were adopted when we were just three months old by our fathers; Gabriel and Demetri. When we were old enough to understand, they told us that they weren't like other parents; they were vampires. I'm not pulling your leg either, they're real fucking vampires! Gabriel is more like your traditional vampire, you know, fangs, hates the sun, can only drink human blood. Demetri is different. They're both pale, but he is hard as stone, has no fangs, and could go out in the sun. They both drink human blood that they get delivered from blood banks. It was weird to grasp at first. I mean, my parents are vampires for fuck sake! But, as time went on, they just seemed like regular parents. They were always there when we needed them. I guess that's why Lauren and I don't really socialize with any cliques. Why would we? No one could ever know about our dads, plus we just didn't care for all the bull shit that went along with your average teenager. I mean, we just don't care about that crap. Lauren is all I need. She's my best friend, simple as that.After fifteen minutes of walking through the dark foliage, the full moon shined down on us, giving us some light to see where we were going. It was oddly quite tonight. Usually we'd hear birds and nocturnal animals, but tonight was different. It was unnerving, to say the least. "Ever had that feeling like you're being watched?" Lauren asked as she tip-toed further through the brush.I swallowed nervously, "Maybe we should just go back, huh? I mean, we don't have to go through with this."Lauren scoffed and turned to face me, "Look, I'm so fucking tired of them stepping all over you. The least you could do is fight back, but you stand there and take it. Come on, B! I know you're better than that. You think we should just bow down to those half-witted, self-centered pageant queens? They're fucked! I, for one, am not gonna stand here and let them get away with it-"The loud snap of a branch and horrendous growl broke up any argument we could have had, making us jump. My heart began to race. I didn't think bears or wolves were in our suburb. I've never heard of it. Right now, I wasn't too sure if I could ignore my fear.Lauren grabbed onto my arm, pushing me behind her protectively, "Okay, let's go back home."We began to slowly retreat, attempting to retrace ours steps back home, but whatever was in the woods began to circle us. Whatever it was sounded quick and big. We couldn't keep track of where it was. I was terrified. I didn't know what to do, and I didn't have my cell phone on me. Lauren grabbed on my coat and quickly turned around to face me. The look in her eyes said it all."RUN!" She dragged me along with her as she dashed off toward home.I struggled to keep up with her, but she refused to let go of me. What was stalking us started chasing as the sound of snapping branches echoed in the night. I couldn't think straight. All I could do was pray that Lauren and I could get within hearing distance of our fathers so they could help us. We screamed bloody murder as the animal gained on us. The sound of monstrous snarling reverberated off our eardrums. We're not going to make it!We pushed our muscles to the brink of failure as we picked up our speed. We were getting close! In about thirty meters we'd be home safe! I knew that one of our parents would be able to hear us soon! Just a little further! Just a little further!As fate would have it, I tripped over myself and collided with the icy dirt. The animal stopped somewhere behind me as I struggled to get to my feet again."BELLA!" Lauren screeched as she dived onto of me.And, in just a flash of a second, something dark and furry slammed into her. She screamed as I shot up to help save her. That's when I saw it. It was the size of a six foot man and strongly built. Fur adorned its body. It had features that were obviously canine in nature, but this was no wild dog. It's hind legs seemed to be its preferred way of travel, and its arms were slightly longed than that of a human. This was a fucking Lycanthrope!I quickly fetched a thick broken branch and ran forward to save my screaming sister. I raised the stick above my head and brought it down on the monster with every ounce of strength I had. The stick cracked on the monster's head with a loud thud, momentarily stunning it. I wasted no time and grabbed Lauren, forcing her to her feet. A quick glance was all I needed to see that she was bleeding badly. She was also hobbling, making it hard to escape the creature. I was pushed to the ground as the Lycanthrope dug its long nails into my back. I let out a whimpering cry as I let go of Lauren. It snarled as it perched behind me, probably readying to kill me. I looked at Lauren with tears in my eyes. If I was going to die, I wanted my last sight to be my sister, just like we promised each other. Irony sure tasted bitter."BELLA!" I heard Papa G shout as he appeared ahead of us.He snarled as he dashed into the beast onto of me. Once freed, I crawled over to Lauren. The sounds of snarling and guttural roaring came from behind us as I scooted over to Lauren. She was breathing heavily. Her blonde hair was stained red with blood. I weekly reached over and embraced her, tears running down my face as I did."It hurts, Bella. It hurts." She whimpered. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Papa D kneel down beside Lauren. He looked at her wounds and shook his head, "Lauren, stay with me, okay? You're going to make it through this. Gabriel, I need you know!"It was then that I noticed that the fighting had stopped. Maybe Papa G had killed it? I heard footsteps come around behind me. Papa G knelt down and scooped me up in his arms like he did when I was little. Papa D had done the same with Lauren. I looked into my father's eyes as we walked home, the tears saying it all."Wha.. what was that Dad? I asked.His grimace carved deeper into his features, "It was a Lycan, dear. It's dead. I'm sorry. I should have been out here quicker. I should heave smelt it."Papa G opened the backdoor to our house and walked toward the sitting room. Our fathers carefully set us down on the couches and immediately began checking our wounds. Papa G turned me over cautiously to look at my back. I heard him sigh a second later."You're both already begun healing," He whispered."What? How? We should be dead!" Lauren panicked from the couch behind me.Papa G ran a comforting hand through my dark hair as I turned over to face him, "A Lycan attacked the both of you. Do you know what that means?"I shook my head, allowing him to continue further, "It infected the two of you, like a virus. There's nothing I can do. You're both Lycan now."My eyes widened, "Oh. Shit."Present DayNot long after my sister and I were attacked, our bodies began a long thirty day long transformation. We lost almost all control of our actions at times and lashed out at classmates and spectators. It was terrible. The urge to tear everything to pieces was overpowering. Lauren had it worse, though. She snapped, killing two people, one being Tara Petersen; can't say she felt too bad about that one. It all accumulated into turning into a bipedal Lycanthrope on the next full moon. It was fucking painful, but we made it through.Our dads took us out of school and moved us to a secure location for the next five years. They helped us gain control, and we, in turn, looked to them as our pack leaders. I guess the whole Lycan thing just worked that way. The thing is, ever since the attack, we haven't aged a single day. Papa G says the Lycan virus heals its host continuously. We'll never age, like our dads. It's a strange feeling. Knowing that you're never going to die can send a person to the rubber motel, but Laurie and I have managed well, all things considered.My sister and I have wanted to get our lives back on track ever since we gained control of our instincts. We never finished school, and that's something we both were close to doing. So, we've convinced our dads to move back to civilization. It took months to find the perfect location. Papa G was insistent that he teach at the school we attended to watch over us. He is quite protective.We found a little town in Washington State that seemed to fit our needs; Forks. The constant cloud coverage allowed our fathers to walk around during the day, and the heavy forests gave Lauren and I room to phase on the full moon. Apparently, Papa G lived here once before, over a century ago. He knew the land well."Hey, Earth to B! You in there?" Lauren poked my side.I left my inner musings behind and turned to look at her, "Huh?"She shrugged and looked out of the front window, past our dads, "We're almost there."We had hired movers to truck our belongings to our new home a few weeks ago. Papa G even paid them a little extra to move everything in. He wanted us to be under as little stress as possible, I guess."So, it's a four bedroom home, two and a half baths, a fully furnished basement, and a large back porch. It borders Forks, so we don't technically live in it. The forest borders the whole place. I hired a contractor to fix up the place before the movers got there, so we won't have to paint. All we have to do is unpack," Papa G explained without taking his eyes away from the deserted road."We don't get choices of room colors?" Lauren asked with a raised eyebrow.Papa D chuckled, "It's purely up to the both of you what you want to do with your bedrooms. You're both technically adults, so it's your prerogative if you wish to change your rooms."We turned down a dirt road that was camouflaged by the surrounding evergreens and ferns. The lush green trees were never ending. It would make take the stress out of hiding what we were to the unknowing mortals. It took four minutes to find the clearing where our new home sat, and it was a beautiful one.It was a three story blue grey Victorian manor surrounded by forest. The front entrance had an archway that covered the front porch. A corner of the house had a sort of coned tower and windows facing the front yard. It was perfect. Papa G parked the car in front of the garage and turned off the ignition.He glanced at us through the rearview mirror and smiled, "Well girls, home sweet home."Lauren was absolutely beaming at the sight of our new home, "Holy shit, was it always this beautiful?"Papa G chuckled, "No, I emailed that contractor the new design, and she said it'd be no problem to remodel. I guess I had the two of you in mind when I designed it. Your Gothic style is starting to rub off on me. I think it turned out brilliantly, though."Lauren grinned, "Well, it's bitchin', Dad!""Let's go check this place out, huh?" Papa D questioned as he exited the car.Papa G retrieved the keys as we approached the front door. After he inserted the keys in the keyhole, he turned to us and smiled, "Ready?"We all grinned in anticipation as he unlocked and opened the door, reveling an open floor concept first floor with a winding staircase at the far right side of the house. Polished mahogany floors lay throughout the first floor. The family room was off to the immediate left and was the gateway to an extremely modern kitchen. As we walked further into the house, I noticed our boxes and furniture already waiting for us. I walked toward the far back wall, which lead to a massive deck. It was completely beautiful."Well, there are two bedrooms on the second floor, and two on the third. I figured I'd give the two of you the second floor. Does that sound okay?" Papa G asked in his British accent.I nodded my head, "It sounds perfect."With that, Lauren grabbed my hand and we left for the stairs. The second floor had two bedrooms at the end of the hall, adjunct each other. The bathroom was on the right side of the hall, just as you left the staircase."So what do you fancy, B? Left or right?" Lauren pulled me toward the bedrooms.I thought for a moment, "I'll take left."She nodded and followed me into what was now my room. It currently had white walls, which I knew were the first to go. Other than that, I was completely satisfied. I'd gather it had a fifteen by fifteen foot layout, which was fine with me. A large on the back wall window faced the backyard. Nothing too spectacular about it, which kept it simple. Lauren left my side for a moment to check out her room. I smiled as I walked toward my full sized bed and plopped down on it.I sighed as Lauren reentered my room with a small on her face, "I have a bay window!"I smiled as she collapsed on the bed next to me, "I like it here already. I think we'll actually be fine here, Laurie!"Papa G appeared in the doorway and leaned on the door frame, "So, what do you girls think?""We love it!" We both said simultaneously.He chuckled, "Well, D and I already set up some of the downstairs. I figure I'll let you two unpack for the rest of the day. We''l light the fireplace later tonight, if you're interested in joining us. Other than that, don't forget to get some sleep tonight. School starts tomorrow.""Are we riding with you?" I asked.Papa G nodded, "Just for tomorrow. We'll get a car after school is out."And with that, he left us to our own devices. I smiled as I sat up to look out of the window. The rain began to play a quiet song as it tapped on the glass, ever soothing in its melody. After the last five years, we needed some sense of normality. We'd been through hell. I stood up to begin to unpack as Lauren lay on my bed in thought.A/N: So, I hope you all enjoyed my little introduction. I've got most of this story planned out, though I've yet to actually write an outline for memory's sake. This will be heavily character driven, so the next few chapters will be about Bella and Lauren, as well as their fathers. And yes, Demetri is the same Demetri from the Volturi. I'll explain that in the next chapter.Like I said, there are plenty of gay and lesbian characters in this story. So, again, if you cannot see past that, simply don't read it.Oh, I don't have a beta, so if you do see errors, let me know. It won't offend me. And, I will update this as frequently as I can. I'm currently in college, so time can restrict updates. I'll make every stride I can to write this story, so don't worry.I will be updating my other story, Forgotten Brothers, in a few days. I apologize for the wait to the readers of that story. School has been an issue, as well as writer's block. Anyway, feel free to leave me a review if you wish. I'm not a review hound so it's your call.Until next time
