"Edward, what are we doing in the woods? This will never end well, as clumsy as I am." God, I need to tell him that this won't work. Just break up with him, Bella!"Bella, I have something to tell you." The clouds overhead started to turn grey and I heard thunder in the distance.Maybe he's gonna break it off. Oh, god, I hope so. "Okay, shoot," I shrugged, leaning against a tree with my arms crossed over my midsection."We're leaving," he stated dryly. We. Okay, what did he mean? I guess I'll have to be stealthy."Okay, well, let me go pack up some stuff and I'll be ready.""No, it's just by 'we' I mean my family. You're staying here."I had a small internal panic. Alice is leaving? No no no! "When are you guys coming back?""Never. You'll never see us again. A clean break. The others are already gone. I just stayed to tell you what was happening."Internal panic turned outward. "Alice is gone?"Something flashed in his eyes. "Yes, Alice is gone.""She wouldn't leave without saying goodbye. I know Alice. She wouldn't do that."He growled. "Maybe you don't know her like you think. Don't worry. Humans are easily distracted. You should be able to forget us quickly. A clean break is easier to heal."With that said he left. Rain began pouring down as I slammed my fist against the trunk of the tree behind me. I wasn't upset anymore I was pissed."EDWARD!"I shot up in bed, my feet hanging over the edge, my legs tangled in the sheet and bare chest heaving. Sweat glistened on my torso and I sighed, running my hands through my short hair. Alex, my blonde haired roommate, peered at me with deep blue eyes from across the room."What's wrong, Connor?" he asked, voice full of sleep."Memories," I grunted, swinging my legs fully over the edge of the bed. Alex snorted at the sight of my Batman boxers. I rolled my eyes at him, pulling on a pair of jeans. "I'm going outside to take a walk.""In that?" he indicated to the window, which showed the pouring rain. I nodded, forgoing a shirt. "Well, watch out for Lily she's on the hunt."I sighed, pinching the bridge of my nose. "Oh, god well, thanks for the warning. Keep her away from Marie.""Will do, boss!"I walked down the hall, stopping at the mirror. Gazing back at me was a 6'11, dark skinned man with well-toned muscles. His eyes and hair were both deep, dark brown, looking black from a distance. A happy trail ran up to my belly button a few of the pack girls commented that that was hot in some way I don't know. Whatever.I continued down the hall, down the steps and out into the pouring rain, which reminded me heavily of that fateful night. The drops turned to steam as they hit my blazing skin and I took off at a run. I guess, by now, you're wondering why I, Connor De Wolfe, am having memories haunt me from Bella Swan. The truth is, we are one and the same. No, I didn't have surgery. The change was natural well, supernatural. You see, it's been 80 years since anyone has seen me as Bella. 82-ish since the night Edward left me in the woods. Weird, huh? Yeah, it gets better. I'm now a shape shifter. My father was a Werewolf, my mother a Were-eagle. So I kinda look like Buckbeak, from Harry Potter. Except you know, wolf instead of horseAnyway, depending on the moon, I can look more eagle or more wolf. On the full moon I'm a perfect combination. Oh, and to add the list of what-the-hell-happened-to-Bella, I'm also the Alpha of my pack. Joy for meI came to a halt at the gates of the Forks Cemetery. An all too familiar spikey haired figure was hunched over a grave stone. A small growl ripped through me.APOV"Forks?! What the hell, Edward?!" I yelled, feeling my heart clinch, seeing the house with so many painful memories. That couch the one Bella and I would snuggle and watch movies on. The kitchen, where I tried to cook for her. Upstairs was the bedroom Jasper and I shared, but most times Bella would doze off on the bed."She's likely dead by now. It's not like she would want to talk to you, anyway. Didn't I tell you that?!""Yes, but that was over 80 years ago!" I growled, rushing up the stairs and slamming the door to my room. I looked around and saw pictures of myself and Jasper mostly. One picture stood by the bed. Esme had taken it. I blew the dust off to see that Bella had fallen asleep on the couch downstairs, hugging my smaller body tightly. I was hugging her waist, ear pressed against her heart and eyes closed. The familiar sting of my eyes hit me like a ton of bricks. I found myself jumping out the window, heading toward the Cemetery. If she was dead, that would tell me.-xoxoxoxo-I shakily covered my mouth, gazing at the stone before me.Isabella Marie SwanSeptember 23, 1983-September 22, 2002Beloved daughterMay she rest in peace"No oh, god, no." I broke down, dry sobs shaking my body as I sunk to my knees, hunched over the headstone. This hit me harder than when Jasper had left. I didn't hear or smell anyone until someone growled next to me. Heat rolled over me as the smell of a Werecreature washed over me. There was something else was that that was Bella's scent.I looked up and up and up until I came to see the face of a tall man with dark skin, hair and eyes. The angered face softened into shock for a moment. This man was taller maybe even stronger than Emmett. Though his arms didn't look like trees, they were long, well-muscled, and powerful looking.After a minute the face was angry again. "What are you doing here, leech?" he growled deep and low."Visiting an old friend's grave," I let out, still saddened."I remember what my Aunt said about you. You're no friend of hers. Stay away from here." He turned and left without another word.CPOV"CONNOR! GET UP! WE OVERSLEPT! WE'RE LATE!" Alex yelled. I jumped out of bed, tense and ready for a fight. After realizing what was going on I growled, relaxing."Alex, chill. It's high school, not a babe fest," I grunted as I stretched, heading to grab some clothes."Dude, yes it is. Hello? Cheerleaders," he said, as if I was stupid, pulling on a button up shirt. I chuckled a little and headed for the shower.As the cool water pulsated against my back I shut off all my senses but feeling. I felt the steady, sleeping heart beats of the two younger kids who were sleeping. Mom was in the kitchen, cooking breakfast. Marie and Cami were getting ready in their room. Alex was frantically getting dressed. Jason and Lily were also in the kitchen, eating. The six of us were going to high school. After my report that Vampires were in the area (Jason wasn't surprised bastard didn't tell me), Mom signed us up for the classes to keep an eye on them.I lazily came down the stairs, grabbing my converse. They were white with black detail, but didn't look like those clown shoes Jason had. They were more like high top Nikes. Sorta. Once they were on I went into the kitchen and grabbed few sausage links. Marie twirled down the steps, looking cheery and Cami came down after her, smiling softly at her best friend. Marie was of average height, about 5'5, with similar hair and eye colors as me, but almost Vampire pale skin. She had pulled her curls into a loose ponytail. Cami was darker, with earth tone hair and emerald green eyes. She was taller, about 5'7. To the untrained and knowing eye, the two were merely best friends. To me, however, who had known both for their entire lives, I knew better. From the moment I brought Marie home, Cami had been attached. At first she thought she just liked babies, but she had in fact Imprinted. Marie, however, still didn't know this."Morning, Daddy!" Marie smiled. Cami offered me a small smile while pulling her own hair into ponytail."Good morning, Marie. Excited?"She grinned, leaning against Cami, who was nibbling on a salad and smiling lazily. "A little. Do you know what classes I have?""I'm not sure. I did ask that they keep you two together, though. That way Cami can look after you."She sighed. "Dad I'm not a baby anymore."I chuckled as the brunette looked down at her. "Hey, now I'm not overprotective."Marie smiled, relaxing again. "This is true."Down the hall Jason muttered, "Lovebirds" Cami blushed while Marie giggled and responded with a simple, "Jealous?"It was these moments that I had hope for the two. I was okay with Cami and Marie. I trusted both girls to behave, and I trusted the older to care for my daughter. Cami had a good heart and even if she didn't know it, really, Marie saw that in her.Mom turned to us all, smiling. "Alright my children, and grandchild, time for school!"I sighed, but finished my food and headed for the door. I grabbed my pack and headed for my bike. Cami and Marie got on their Kawasaki Ninja, while I mounted my 2020 Rosarii. It was an older model, but it was sleek, shiny, fast, and quiet. It was black with a white lightning bolt through the body of it. Forgoing both the helmet and jacket, I kicked my bike to life. Lily, Jason and Alex piled into their Ford F150. It was old, but I've kept it running well.I sped down the road, Cami following and Jason bringing up the rear. We got there about an hour late and got our schedules, looking them over. Cami had all their classes together. Lily wasn't in any of my classes (thank god!), but I shared two with the other girls.As I walked to my first class the smells of Vampires came and went, becoming part of what was gonna happen, I guess. Finally, as I neared the end of the hall, I realized one scent had not faded. I already knocked before realizing why my mouth was watering.Alice must be in there.FuckAnd it's too late.The teacher opened the door. "Can I help y" he looked up, and up and up. This was a short guy. Maybe 4'10? Damn. "You?""I'm Connor De Wolfe. This is my first class." He man's fear evaporated for a moment before realizing that even if he wanted to, I didn't seem the person that would listen to him well."O-of course. Um you may have a seat next to Ms. Cullen."I growled softly, but complied, sitting next to the small Vampire. I refused to look at her."Hi," she whispered. "I'm Alice.""I know," I said tightly."That's just the thing. You seem to know a lot about me, but I don't know anything about you. Why? How do you know me?""My aunt told me.""Bella never had any sisters. She would have told me. Or Charlie would have told me."I sighed. Damn this fucking Imprint. "You know more about me than you think."This caused her to be rather silent the rest of the class. To most, she would look depressed, and just that. I knew her better. She was wearing old jeans and that oh, my God. That was the shirt I gave her. It was my old Rascal Flatts shirt. Why would she keep it?I sighed and moved on. She was clearly thinking. And hard, too. The tip of her thumb was between her lips, more just resting than she was sucking on it. The light was gone from her eyes. My cheery, happy and bubbly best friend?Class ended and I left, trying with all my might not to look back. Alice's small, colder hand caught my arm and I turned. She searched my eyes, almost desperate. Those eyes held the slightest bit of hope in the mist of the despair."Are are you" she sighed, releasing my arm. "Impossible. Never mind. Just never mind."She turned, hugging her books to her chest, and went down the opposite hallway.-xoxoxoxoxo-And here we are! I know I shouldn't have started another one, but it was a request. XD hope this is up to standard. R&R;!
