WHO IN THE HELL WROTE THIS STORYDisclaimer: The Cullens, the Swans, and most of the characters mentioned in the story that are known from Stephanie Meyer's Saga beloved Twilight, are all hers and hers alone. I neither have nor wish to pass in them off as mine. I do appreciate the fact that she did bring them to life and allows us to play with them our imaginations. The only thing I will claim is the current storyline.This chapter has been beta'd by dowlingnana and her work is making the story flow more smoothly.CHAPTER 1: ARE WE GOING TO HAVE FUN"Bella, someone at the door is here to see you." Alice Brandon yelled to her cousin."What? Who the hell gets up this early in the morning? Any idea what they want?" Bella Swan hollered back at her from the shower.There was a few minutes lapse before Alice walked through the apartment to knock on Bella's bathroom door. Waiting a moment before cracking open the door, she told her, "The man standing at the door won't tell me or Rosalie anything other than he was told to hand an invitation into your hands only.""Shit. Okay, tell him I'll be out in a few minutes if he wants to wait. By the way, when did Lee get back?""Sometime during the night while you were sleeping and I was out." Was the smart mouth comeback from Alice.In the meantime, Rosalie Hale was busy in the kitchen, but, still keeping a close eye on the stranger waiting in the living room. She was always cautious of strangers due to how they all lost family members. All three women were cousins, but, had been raised by one very strict individual that only showed his loving nature to his girls, as he called them. It was during a Christmas get together that Bella's mother, her two sisters along with their husbands and all three girls were in the house that a fugitive decided to take refuge from the law. Charlie Swan wasn't able to attend the gather since he had to work and was Chief of Police in Forks, Washington.A little sleepy, blink and you might miss it sort of place with no criminal elements to be found. But, this particular night Felix Hollister had managed to break loose from prison and was on the run. With an APB being issued throughout the entire state Charlie had to be available in case things broke in his area and this person showed his face around or in Forks.But, midway between Forks and Port Angeles were the homes of Mary Jean and Lester Brandon with their daughter, Mary Alice along side was the second home of Janice Rose, her husband, John Robert Hale with their daughter, Rosalie Lillian. Of course, Renee, sister to both of the other two women, with her daughter Isabella Marie, was there. Renee and Bella, as she was called, lived in Forks about a fifteen minute drive from the police station, but, a thirty minute drive from her sisters' home. The family was close and was having a great time even though they missed having Charlie there as he was considered to be the life of the party once he had a beer or so, when their whole world came to an abrupt end as the door was thrown open and in walked a bedraggled man waving a gun around.Sirens could be heard off in the distance, but, seemed to be drawing closer at each moment. Slamming the door close the family members were ordered over to one side of the room as the man continued advancing further into the room while waving around the gun he was carrying.Suddenly, it seemed the sirens were getting even nearer, almost like they were right outside the house. That made the gunman even more nervous. And the louder or closer it seemed the sirens were getting the more nervous he got. Finally, without warning or any reason, he began to fire. All five adults died that night, but, the three children had been out of sight and remained that way after the bad man had rushed in.Bella had her mother's cell phone as she had been given permission by Renee to call her father to wish him a good night since he was working. That call after it was answered alerted Charlie to the trouble that was happening at his sister's in law house. As he heard the interaction taking place over the phone he had told Bella to remain quiet and for the girls to stay where they were. At the same time he radioed the location of where Hollister seemed to be. Right after that was when he heard the sounds of gun fire and a deadly cold hand griped his heart as the echo of the last shot settled.Rosalie's attention was snapped back to the present as Bella entered the living room and approached the man that had quietly been waiting for her. Seeing her entrance he arose, held out his hand with an envelope waiting for her to take it. As she took it from him, he nodded, stepped around her then headed for the door without say one damn word."Wait! What is this about?" Bella asked him."The message is self explanatory." Was all he said before opening the door and leaving.Alice and Rosalie quickly gathered around while Bella opened up the envelope. Inside was an invitation that read:Ms Swan you are cordially invited along with your staff to join along with nine other favored authors and their staff to spend a week at Whispering Pines. It will be a week filled with mystery solving which we believe each of you will find entertaining as well as inspiring for your next novel. All travel arrangements have been made and you with your staff only need to show up at Mason Private Airlines three days hence.Looking forward to welcoming you all to our home.Sincerely,Carlisle and Esme Cullen."Damn, do you know who these people are?" Alice asked of her two cousins. Both Bella and Rosalie shook their heads no, but, knew that Alice was about to enlighten them. "They are multi billionaires, maybe, even gazillionaires. Esme Cullen is a much sought after interior designer and her husband is known for his skills as a heart surgeon. They have one son, Emmett, but, raised their two nephews, Edward and Jasper.""Why did they raise the two nephews?" Rosalie asked."Because, and a great mystery surrounds these events, their parents were killed in a car crash not far from an old mansion the family owns." She said."I'm not sure I want to attend this thing. And, I definitely don't have any staff to take along." Bella said offhandedly as she dropped the envelope and invitation upon the coffee table in front of her."Oh, we are going, and, yes, you do have staff now. Right, Rosie?"Rosalie looked at Alice and then over to Bella. She was in between photo shoots and had told her agent that she needed a break; a change of direction and scenery, as it were. So, without further ado she joins in persuading Bella along with Alice to accept the invitation."What about your jobs?" Bella asks."I can design any place. And, since I am my own boss and own my own company I can take time off any time I chose." Alice answers cheekily."I am taking time off from shooting and told my agent as I finished this last session, so, I'm free.""Okay, I guess I don't seem to have much choice in the matter at the moment. We need to call Dad to let him know where we will be. You know how he gets when we don't keep him informed of our whereabouts." She said with a small chuckle while thinking about Charlie Swan.A/N: What kind of mystery or adventure are the girls about to step off into? Hope you will enjoy the new story and will take the time to let me know your thoughts.Updating should be about every two weeks.
