Disclaimer: I don't own TwilightA/N: Okay, so this like a re-rewrite of my other fanfictions: Obsidian Olor and Forget Me Never. It's the same concept: Alice and Jasper replacing Bella and Edward, but I was reminded (constantly, I might add) that things were still the same as Twilight, and all this other stuff that's not worth mentioning. Then this idea came to me.I promise you this is going to nothing like Twilight's plotor lack thereof.So: Alice and Jasper replace Bella and Edward, AU, and there might be OOC, but I'll try my best not to let that happen.All right, third time's the charm, wouldn't you say? Hope you enjoy!"Here's the thing about the future. Every time you look at it, it changes because you looked at it, and that changes everything else." Cris Johnson; Next (2007)Begin Again"Just a little farther!" I gasped, gripping my sister's hand tighter, as we ran through the woods, dodging trees and trying not to get our feet caught up in roots or brush. Brambles and protruding branches lashed, whipped, and scratched us as we tore through the greenery, mud getting everywhereall over our clothes, our faces, in our shoes. My breath came out in raspy wisps, my chest and throat on fire, my muscles screaming for a break.I chanced a quick glance behind us to see flashes of black and white against the green background. No, we couldn't afford a break. They'd catch us for sure and that would be the end of that. I had to protect my sister. I had to keep her safe. I had to do what our mom had died trying to do. Except I wasn't going to die, and neither was she.Cynthia stumbled a few feet behind me and made a couple of whimpering noises. I gripped her hand even tighter, cutting off any and all circulation to her already bone-white fingers, and turned to look at her. She shook her head furiously, tears staining her cheeks."You have to." I begged dragging her forward but slowing down for her sake. "We're almost there. I promise." I gasped. I could hear them now. They were gaining and slowing down wasn't helping our cause any. But I could also see breaks in the green. Bits of gray-white clouds, of sky as the trees thinned. I pushed harder and willed my sister to push harder as well until... finally, we broke through the trees onto the street of a small neighborhood.I let out a breath that I couldn't afford and relaxed. They'd never take us in broad daylight like this, with so many witnesses, so many people around to hear our screams of terror. But just to be sure, I turned and looked back into the forest, pushing Cynthia behind me. There were five of them, all breathing hard, all in pristine black suits, despite all the mud we had run through, with glasses as dark as night, shielding their eyes. However, just as I expected they did not advance. They stood there, watching, waiting for us to make the first move."Come on," I rasped, turning toward Cynthia now that the immediate danger had past. "We need to clean up." I took her hand again and led her across the street, as far away from the men in black as possible. They melted back into the forest, but I knew they were following us, watching our every move.Cynthia squeezed my hand and I looked down at her. Her hazel eyes with emerald green flecks met my dark brown eyes for a moment."They have to have a local high school around her. We could just go there and clean up in one of the bathrooms." I answered her unspoken question. We kind of had link; we weren't twins, she was four years younger than I was and she looked like our father with her thick, heavy chestnut hair (about down to her chin), almond-shaped eyes, oval-shaped face; whereas I looked like our mother, jet-black hair that was cut very, very short, sticking out in spikes, heart-shaped face. As for the link, I'll talk about that a little later.We walked almost aimlessly, but I was following my instinct and finally we came upon a large sign indicating that we were entering the grounds of Forks High School. Without hesitating we walked toward the brick building, went inside and found one of the nearest bathrooms. No one seemed to be in class so I assumed that was because it was lunch time. We grabbed some paper towels and started cleaning our faces and clothes as best we could."Hungry?" I asked as we exited the restrooms. Cynthia nodded. "I think there'll be some vending machines in the cafeteria."Cynthia hesitated."I don't think they'll take note of us." I assured. "I mean, we don't look too bad, and I'm sure they'll be too busy with their friends to notice two new girls... I think." I hope was more along my line of thinking.Cynthia still looked unsure but followed me anyway. I tried to step in like I'd been here all my life but I don't know how I came across. No one seemed to notice though, so we relaxed and went over to a vending machine that had an assortment of different snacks. I searched my pockets."I only have two dollars." I told her, pulling them out of my back pocket. They were crumpled but weren't wet. Cynthia subconsciously rubbed her throat. "We can drink water from one of the drinking fountains." She nodded before pointing to the pretzels. A dollar-fifty. "You don't mind sharing?" She shrugged her eyes wistful. We hadn't eaten at all today. I flattened the bills out as much as I could and stuck them in the little slot hoping the machine would take them and watched with a growling stomach as the metal coil slowly swirled, pushing the bag of pretzels forward.We found an empty table near the edge of the cafeteria and sat down. I looked around as Cynthia dug into the bag. I was hungry, but I needed to take care of her. If that meant having less that was fine by me."I kind of like it here." I told her as she placed a couple of pretzels into my palm. She shrugged. "We could stay here you know. Settle down for a little while." Cynthia shook her head and I took a chance to eat one of my pretzels. "They'll always be after us Cynthia, we can't run forever." She looked at me seriously. "That is an excellent question and to answer that I will direct your attention to that table over yonder." I said gesturing subtly to the table farthest away from ours. Cynthia quickly glanced over there inconspicuously. She shook her head. "Take a closer look." I instructed taking the bag away from her and grabbing a few more pretzels.It took her a moment but then she finally understood."They wouldn't attack with others here." I told her. Although I could feel their eyes on us, through the windows."Should you really be talking so nonchalantly with them here?" Cynthia signed. Yes, signed. You see, and I probably should've explained this earlier, Cynthia's a mute. She hasn't spoken since the day she was born. At all. No one knows why, not even our mom knew, she just never spoke. So we all learned sign language to better communicate. Of course, I liked our link a little better, but I suppose sign languagethough more noticeableisn't as weird as me having a seemingly one-sided conversation. "Can't they hear you?"I popped the last pretzel into my mouth and signed back, "I don't think they're paying any attention, anyway." I said glancing in their direction."You knew all along, didn't you?" Cynthia accused."Well I saw them if that's what you mean." Cynthia raised her eyebrows and crossed her arms. "Years ago. I didn't know when we were going to actually meet them. Just glimpses really... throughout the years. I know almost everything about them." And it was true. The Cullens. Vampires. A mind reader, an empath, another with a shield. Then the others: strength, beauty, motherly kindness, and a doctor. Odd golden eyes (today's were black though; they hadn't fed in a while) but same vampire traits: pale as a sheet, perfect looks, bruise-like circles under their eyes from not feeing enough.You're probably thinking that with a mind reader I should really be watching my thoughts, but I have a secret of my own: I'm psychic. I see the future. Cynthia is also psychic (it kind of runs in the family; our parents had psychic abilities as well), but she's a very powerful psychic: she had psychokinesis, or more commonly known as telekinesis.That's partially why I can think somewhat whatever I want with a mind reader around. Being psychic all my life I've learned to work up a shield, kind of like Bella's but it's not constantly there and it's not as powerful as Bella's, so thoughts can leech through (because no thoughts would surely tip Edward off).I stood up just as the bell rang, signaling lunch's end."Come on, we should get back to the car." I grimaced. "Or what's left of it."We edged up to the car that had been moved off to the side of the road. It wasn't exactly inconspicuousa bright yellow canary VW bugbut it was a little sunshine in our lives, something to help us smile and look at the bright side of things. Anyhow, we had left it in a hurry, still running, both doors wide open, in the middle of the road to get away from our assailants (who didn't seem present at the moment) but now the doors were closed, the car totally silent.Cynthia and I exchanged a wary glance, but I sensed no harm, no ambush."You stay here." I instructed as a precaution, slowly walking forward testing the air around it carefully. Very detached emotions, very brusque and formal. I peeked through the window and saw the keys in the ignition. Nothing seemed to have moved out of place, not even Cynthia's small Netbook (it was her voice for when we went to school; she could just type in what she wanted to say and it'd speak for her). I opened the door and slid in, turning the key. It roared to life. I waited a moment to see if it would blow up and when it didn't I signaled for Cynthia to join me."It doesn't look like anything was taken." I said, closing the door and buckling my seatbelt. "And I have a hunch that if we checked we'd still have our tent in the back." Cynthia touched my hand as I reached for the gear shift. I shook my head. "I'm sorry, we don't have any food left. I'll get something tomorrow, I promise."Cynthia removed her hand and sighed."I know, I know," I agreed making sure no cars were coming before pulling out onto the road. "Not a great start, but I'll find a job this week to pay for the food. And we can even enroll to Forks High. Would you like that?"Cynthia made a face.I rolled my eyes. "It'll be a good experience. How long has it been since we've actually gone to school?" She playfully hit my arm and I laughed. "A week? Only a week? No, that can't be right." But it was. How we found a way to go to school while dodging the Suits, I'm not quite sure, but going to school was the same concept as owning such an ostentatious car: It helped us feel normal once in a while and forget what our life had watered down to."This looks like a good, spot, huh?" I asked as I slowly edged forward into the small clearing, kind of in the middle of the woods, down a relatively long, unpaved narrow road. It probably wasn't the best place to be staying because with no one around to hear us scream, those Suits certainly would be able to get to us then, but I sensed that they'd been ordered to stand down... for now anyway. Why, I don't know exactly, but it had something to do with the Cullens, that much I did know.The forest floor beneath was only damp because of the thick canopy above head, shielding the small clearing from all the rain that Forks gets. Night had fallen at least two hours ago and Cynthia and I were exhausted. We had just enough time to set up our tent, unroll our sleeping bags, and slide in before we were out. Not even our hollow stomachs could keep us up tonight.Ah, the first day of school in a whole new town, in a whole new state. It was always fun. I sent in our papers on Friday to give us a couple more days to adjust to this new-ish lifestyle (we'd been living out of a tent for about a two years now), and giving me time to find a job. I managed to get a waitressing job at a small restaurant called The Lodge. It would be enough to get us food for breakfast and dinner, laundry and gas, and that's all that really mattered to me right now, anyway: Feeding Cynthia and myself, making sure we looked presentable (because if not people might wonder) and gas for our car so we could go places or run if we needed to. Where we lived was the least of my worries.As I was saying, though, Monday came around and it was time to go to school. I didn't think it would be any different than the other times. I mean, other than knowing we were actually sharing a town with seven vampires who didn't want to kill us or weren't constantly after us. It was kind of nice, really. Civil vampires wasn't exactly an entirely new concept to me, but it was definitely different than what I've experienced all my life."Ready?" I asked Cynthia as I started the car.Cynthia hit two keys on the keyboard of her Netbook. "No." it spoke in a woman's computerized voice.I chuckled. "Too bad." I muttered backing out and finding a spot to turn around before we were on our merry way.The sign appeared in my view and that's when I realized how nervous I was feeling. My palms were slightly sweaty and my breath a little shallow. It wasn't just the fact that I'd be going to a new school with vampirescivil, but vampires nonethelessbut also the fact that we couldn't get too comfortable here, we could never get comfortable anywhere because there always came a time when we'd have to run from the Suits, we'd have to leave everything and start over in a new state and new town. The only thing that was holding them off now were the Cullens, but who knew how long that would last. Surely they'd get instructions to swoop in and if that was the case, I just hoped that I knew in time.I'd always felt bad that Cynthia never got a normal teenage experience. Just because I didn't get mine, didn't mean she deserved to get hers torn away from her, but so far I was a complete failure. I knew that it had an effect on Cynthia, but she never wanted to talk about it. And when we did talk, she'd just smile, shake her head, and tell me that it wasn't my fault and that everything's okay.Cynthia nudged my ribs breaking me out of my thoughts."Are we going to go in or sit in the car all day?" She asked me, not bothering type that into her Netbook.I sighed. "Yeah. Sorry." I muttered reaching into the back and pulling my messenger bag up to the front before stepping out of the car. I put my hood up when I realized it was drizzling, and jogged to the entrance of the school, making sure that Cynthia was behind me.The main office was overtly warm, compared to outside and even the hallways. The potted plants drooped, the carpet was a horrible vomit orange that clashed with just about everything in the room. Behind a counter that was surprisingly organized for such a cluttered room sat a woman in a purple shirt with red hair pulled up into a bun and slightly dated glasses."May I help you?" she asked with a warm smile.I returned the smile. "Yes, I'm Mary Alice Brandon and this is my sister, Cynthia.""Oh, yes, give me just one moment, please." She got up from her chair and ran into the back, emerging a few minutes later with a handful of papers. "These are maps of the school for both of you, Mary""Alice." I quickly corrected her."Alice, this is your schedule." She pushed it toward me. "And Cynthia this is yours. They each have your locker numbers and combos on them. If you have any questions at all, feel free to come back to the office and I'd be happy to answer them for you.""Thanks." I grabbed the papers off the counter and made sure that Cynthia had also grabbed her things and we both headed back into the hallways that had filled up while we were in the office. "Do you need any help" I started breaking off when Cynthia walked off without another word. "Right." I nodded and headed in the other direction. I knew she hated it when I always asked her if she needed help, because she didn't, it wasn't like she was handicapped, but I always worried about her just because I was afraid to leave her alone. With the Suits so close and always watching I always worried that they'd sneak in and snatch her up and I wouldn't even know until it was too late.But I should know by now that she's been through the same things I have, just not as long, and that she can take care of herself and if she did need help she'd ask for it.By lunch time I'd made four new friends. Mike Newton from first period English, Jessica Stanley and Angela Weber from third period pre-calc, and lastly Eric Yorkie from fourth period Spanish (which Jessica was also in). Mike was a cute, baby-faced boy with blond hair and blue eyes who was very helpful with any questions I had. Jessica liked to chat and had a very bubbly personality with her dark brown, curly hair fluffed up in such a cute way. Angela was quieter and didn't talk as much as Jessica, but she was sweet and her hair was this beautiful brown with subtle blond tints. Eric wore hipster glasses, with sleek black hair and he was helpful like Mike.I couldn't help but look for Cynthia though as I stepped in line next to Jessica, who was explaining to me about the teachers and the community, and was relieved to see that she had found a group of friends as well, before giving my full attention to Jessica.What made me a little nervous though was all the people at the table. It was hard to keep up with names, faces were just easier for me to remember. The names would come later. But it wasn't that, it was just I wasn't used to being around so many people. Usually when we moved, Cynthia and I stuck together but we both agreed before today came that we'd find friends and not act so secluded anymore. I wasn't convinced but she played the "never had a real teenage experience" card and I caved.Lunch ended, a little too quickly for my taste, though, and before I knew it I was walking to Forensics with Angela and Mike. Angela didn't say much on the way there but Mike questioned me about where I'd been before Forks. I answered with a simple Sacramento, California and left it at that.Forensics, like most science classrooms that I'd been to throughout moving constantly and switching schools constantly, had the black table-tops that fit two people per table. Mike let Angela and I go in first and they both went to, it looked like, already assigned seat. Which left one seat for me and that seat happened to be next to a vampire, which I wasn't too thrilled about. I was just so used to red-eyed vampires that were out to either suck all the blood from my body or bring me and my sister to the head honcho, which pretty much left me dead too.Tentatively, with a pounding heart, I slowly walked over to the table and stiffly sat down, putting as much distance as I could between me and the golden-eyed, honey-blond haired vampire on my left. Suddenly he stood up and moved making it look like he was about to leave, instead he came over to me. My vision slowed down, like in the movies: As Jasper came over to me his right arm came around my shoulders while his left arm came around my waist and suddenly his mouth was at my neck. I struggled in his iron grip but he held me firm.I felt his teeth pierce my neck and gasped in surprise and pain. I continued to struggle, but I wasn't getting anywhere. I squeezed my eyes shut as the pain became unbearable my thoughts a mess, in a fog and by the time I had managed to get my thoughts together I could already feel myself fading as all that vital, dark liquid was drained from my body. My heart pumped uselessly and my brain slowly started shutting down. I started gasping for air that couldn't be absorbed by my red blood cells.But before I went out completely he pulled away, cradling me, which was odd considering that he'd just killed me, looking down with saddened blazing red eyes.I could feel myself slipping, the feeling of absolute failure washing over me knowing that I'd let my sister down, knowing that I was leaving her all alone to fend for herself against the Suits and just when I thought it was all over for me"Alice?"The voice sounded far away and echo-y."Alice?"Clearer now. I opened my eyes and blinked, realizing I was standing in the doorway to Forensics, Mike still behind me, Angela and who I assumed was the teacher standing in front of me, looking at me with concerned eyes."What?" I asked, shaking off that horrible vision."Are you okay?" the teacher asked."What? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine." I smiled."You're you're lips, they're blue." Angela pointed out.My hand flew up self-consciously, covering them, as I looked down embarrassed and surely slightly pink in the cheeks. "Oh, are they?" I mumbled around my hand. "They'll do that sometimes. No one really knows why."Still Angela and the teacher looked at me warily.I removed my hand and laughed again. "I'm fine, really.""I think it'd be best if you went to the nurse's anyway just to make sure." The teacher suggested. "Mike, would you be so kind to walk Alice to the office, please?""Sure thing." Mike answered."Seriously, I'm fine." I tried again."You're lips are still blue." Mike pointed out helpfully.I sighed and rolled my eyes. "Okay, I'll humor you." I turned and almost crashed into the door frame, which wasn't helping my case, but I laughed good-naturedly and said, "Oops." Before following Mike down the hall.Okay, so there it is. I hope I finally managed to get it away from anything Bella-and-Edward's-story like. Also, totally, and obviously, not based off of Taylor Swift's song: Begin Again (but it is an awesome song I suggest you check out).For the fans of Forget Me Never I apologize for not posting in months. I've lost my muse completely and haven't found it or gotten it back.For the fans of both my Twilight stories I might be taking them down and just sticking with this story (and a sequel if an idea pops up near the end of this story). It hasn't been officially decided but I'm thinking about it.I apologize again and I thank you for all your fantastic reviews and favorites and alerts. I appreciate it all, greatly.Happy Thanksgiving!~ I Heart Alice and Jasper!
