*Disclaimer: All characters and pre-existing storyline belongs to Stephanie Meyer**All chapters will be in Renesmee's point of view unless I indicate otherwise.*Flashback:We were standing on the snowy field opposite of the entire Volturi guard, waiting for them to make their decision on what they were going to do with me. Until that day, they had never even thought of the possibility of a half-human, half-vampire child. Because of that, I was sure they would sentence me to death. But then, Alice brought Nahuel and Huilen, which gave us all hope that I would survive.After arguing with Caius for minutes and minutes on end, Aro turned to us and told us their decision. "You say that the child has an understanding of our laws. This is a claim that Marcus and I trust to be the truth. But Caius is having his doubts, so this is what I'll do. In seven years, when the child reaches maturity, we will send 2 of our guards here for 2 months to observe the child and make sure that she is what you say she is. If the two guards, whomever they may be, decide that she is not a threat to us, then we will let you all live in peace. But if it is determined that she cannot be trusted with our secrets and that she is a danger to the world, then you will all be put to death."End of FlashbackMy name is Renesmee Carlie Cullen. It is July 13th and today is the day that the observation begins. Our whole family was in the living room of the main house, going over last minute details with me, making sure I understood everything that was going on. I think this is kind of ridiculous considering the fact that I've know this day would come for 7 years, but mom and dad insisted that it's necessary."Now remember Renesmee, there is to be no, under any circumstances, usage or discussion about your power while the guards are here. Understand?""Yes mom."Two years ago, we discovered that I have a second power, a power that makes me one of the most powerful vampires that has ever existed. I have the ability to temporarily "take away" another vampires power and use it for myself. One day, I was really getting sick and tired of my dad reading my mind all of the time, so I kept thinking about how funny it would be if I could read his mind, just to see how he likes it. But then, all of a sudden, I really could read his mind and he was complaining about how he couldn't read anyone else's. Good thing Eleazar from the Denali Coven was there that day. He explained to us that it was a new power that I had gained. Against the wishes of my parents, my Grandpa Carlisle and Eleazar helped me to learn how to use it, so it could be controlled. We have to be extremely careful not to talk about it, and I have to be extremely careful not to use it for the next 2 months because the news would definitely be brought back to Aro, and then he would order the guard to do who knows what to get me to be apart of their coven."Alice, how much time do we have left before they get here?" My Grandma Esme, like everyone else, sounded very anxious."They'll be here in about 5 minutes."I don't understand why everyone is on edge about this. It's not like they're here to kill me, it's just to observe me. What's the big deal about that?"Renesmee, the big deal is that they could determine that you are dangerous and have the whole family and all of our friends annihilated.""But Dad, we haven't done anything wrong, so why should we worry?" Before he could answer me, there was a knock at the door. Carlisle got up and went to answer it while the rest of my family stayed seated, looking very nervous."Welcome gentlemen. Please come in.""Thank you Carlisle."Carlisle proceeded to lead them up to the living room. When the footsteps stopped, we all turned towards the doorway and I was faced with Alec and Felix of the Volturi. Felix kind of looks like my Uncle Emmett, with the short dark brown hair and tall, muscular stature. Alec, on the other hand, is another story. He's a lot shorter than Felix, but a lot more handsome too. Wait, did I just think that a Volturi guard, one that could quite possibly order my death, is handsome? Just as the thought crossed my mind, Alec began to speak."As you all know, Felix and I will be observing Miss. Cullen to ensure that she is not a threat to our world. Aro has given us specific instructions on our job here. We've been told to follow her around everywhere she goes and""Hold on a minute." I don't know why, but for some reason, dad looks really pissed. "Neither one of you are allowed in her bedroom, is that clear?" God, now this is really embarrassing. I mean, did he really have to bring that up? I don't think they would even be slightly interested in coming into the half-breeds room."Of course. So, other than her bedroom, we are to follow her everywhere she goes to observe how she behaves during everyday life. On September 12th, we will call Aro and give him our decision based on the observations we've made and then we will leave on the 13th. We have also agreed to hunt out of the area to keep the attention away from you. And since I'm assuming that she sleeps, Felix and I will discuss our findings of the day, hunt, and anything else we need to do at night. We have Aro on speed dial and he has ordered us to contact him immediately in case any laws are broken or if you do not cooperate with our orders."Then mom spoke up. "Wait, what do you mean if we don't cooperate with your orders?""It simply means that you do something to keep us from doing our job. Now, are there any questions?" Nothing."Good. Then in that case, just continue on with whatever you were doing before we came." Then they walked over to the couch I'm sitting on and sat on either side of me, as if they did it everyday. My family also went back to what they were doing, either reading, talking, or in the case of the men, watching the football game. Even though I had two bloodthirsty killers on either side of me, I tried to go back to my book. Try as I might, I just couldn't focus because out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that Felix kept staring at me. I tried to return my focus onto my book and he kept staring. Unfortunately, this battle has a result of Felix: 1, Renesmee: 0 because after a while, I couldn't help but turn his way to see what he wanted."Can I help you?""Hi." Then he held out his hand.Now I'm really confused. "Hi?" As ridiculous as it is, I took his hand and shook it. What else am I supposed to do."I'm Felix.""I know, I'm Renesmee." What is he trying to do, entertain me, because it's working."I know. And that is Alec." Alec and I just started to look at each other like we were living in a loony bin."Go on Alec, shake her hand." We reluctantly shook hands and then started to stare at Felix again."So Renesmee, what's your favorite color." That's when I lost it. Felix was being so ridiculous, Alec even started to giggle a little."I'm sorry Felix, but are you trying to make me laugh, or are you just really bad at making conversation?""Both."I can't believe this. Is this guy for real? And then Alec turned to me and asked me the same thing."So what is your favorite color?""Um, red." This is really awkward."Ah, red. The color of blood.""Yes, or the color of love""Or lust.""Yeah, or lust." Is he flirting with me?"Alec, can I ask you a question.""Sure.""Are you flirting with me?"He looked shocked by my question. "No, why would you ask that?"Okay, this was going to be fun. "Well, it's just that you're talking about lust, and you keep staring at me, and it must be weird for you to be in the presence of a girl that's not your sister or your lunch." He seemed stunned by answer, even Felix looked shocked."Well, I'll have you know that I've seen many women that are much better looking than you." Oh snap, he did not just go there. "Oh, really, you have?""Yes I have.""Okay, name one.""Well, there's Rosalie for one." Man, he's good."Alright, you've got me there. But I've seen a lot better than you too.""Really, name one."Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. "Well, there's Felix."When I turned to Felix, he gave me this look, as if to say "are you really challenging Alec right now. You're not going to win." Alec even looked surprised that I was challenging him."Do you really expect me to believe that you think that Felix is more attractive than me?""Okay, you got me there too." Alec and Felix looked very entertained and I must admit, I was enjoying myself too, until my dad asked me to come into the kitchen."Renesmee, I want you to stop that.""Stop what?" What was he talking about? I wasn't doing anything wrong."Stop flirting with Alec.""What are you talking about? I'm not flirting.""Yes you are, and you need to stop. I don't want there to be anything going on between you two. He's a member of the guard and he's dangerous.""Okay dad, I'm not flirting. And even if I was, nothing would happen. I mean, look at Jake and I. We've been playfully flirting back and forth for years and we're still just friends. And come to think of it, you know that and yet you don't throw a fit about it."I know I'm being sassy, but you've got to admit, I do have a point."Yeah well Jake isn't a member of the guard. All I'm saying is that you need to stay away from him.""Well, I can't totally stay away from him since he has to follow me around everywhere I go, but whatever." Then I just went back into the living room and started reading my book again the best I could. I can tell that this is going to be an amazing 2 months.
