The Once and Future ReginaSummary: Renesmee is a Briton Princess whose tribe is the only remaining to oppose the invading Romans however captured and held hostage events take place which puts her in the position of being married to the Emperors nephew and heir to the succession. All human. Rated M.Chapter IRenesmee's POVMy hands were tied behind my back I had been tied to a horse the entire way. The men laughed at me as I tripped over my feet and struggled to keep up with the pace of the war horse. My sandals had split and my feet had blistered. My white dress was torn and dirty as we were asleep when we were attacked. I was the King's granddaughter. My Grandfather Carlisle was a northern Caledonian the Southern had wielded to the Roman's doing trade, taking up with their ways. At first we in the North thought nothing of it a fought amongst ourselves where my Grandfather -old and wise in his fifty years of age  and his armies had conquered our neighbouring tribes and slaughtered their chiefs. But our army was asleep in their beds and the brutes attacked.They were savages. I remember my family my uncles great soldiers, one of my Aunts was a seer and greatly admired in our family. My mother died giving birth to me and my father died in battle. I was the clan's princess I knew my herbs and helped make clothes. I still had my natural hair colour for only once you were married could you bleach you're hair yellow with lime juice and cold urine. The men stopped for water as darkness swept across the land. I was tied to a tree. The men were speaking in Latin. One did not take his dark eyes off of me. It made me feel very uncomfortable as he looked as young as my Aunt who was the seer (she had married my father's brother) who had just turned eighteen summers. He had tanned skin and I could tell by his eyebrows he had dark hair however it wasn't too soon until he turned his head and fell asleep amongst the blankets and I could hear their snores.I barely got any sleep the way that one roman scum looked at me as it made my skin crawl and the tree was not comfortable as the harsh bark irritated my skin. At the dawn the men awoke and I was being dragged again until we reached a roman fort. Men got off their horses and I was dragged into a big hut made from stone. A group of men sat there uniform was more luxurious than the others. They had golden broaches and longer embodied cloaks.The men spoke in there tongue until the man who looked to be commander stepped forward. He had long brown hair and cold eyes."You're name?" He asked in my tongue."Renesmee," I spoke."Carlisle's granddaughter," he spoke."What shall be done with her?" Another man asked."Keep her in empty barracks until the Emperor comes he is making the decisions on what should be done with them," the man spoke. "Take her away."The room was filthy with wooden cots for beds. The room was vast however but I could hear the drunkenness of men outside. I could only hope the doors were locked. I laid down on one of the cots and listened to men singing and laughing while music was played. I understood little of their dialect as those who sought to make trade with the barbarians wanted to understand them so they could not be cheated out of profit. It was a while when I heard men retire to the barracks further away and all fell silent. I was about to persuade myself to sleep until I heard the lock of the doors click open. I stumbled up I was bare footed against the tough ground bellow my feet since my sandals were broken and worn. There stood the same soldier with dark eyes. He stared at me with lust and licked his lips as he slowly descended towards me.A/N: I hope you like this new story I've got some new ideas for my other ones but I'm not sure which one I want to do first (also check out my other story flying knives)The Mind Game: The Volturi have discovered a secret coven of men that mean to take over the vampire world through murder and trafficking but what happens if they stumble across an asylum where half breeds and some vampires have been sent to keep them quiet and Alec takes interest in one of the "patients" who was a certain Cullen.Magic Moon: Disowned by her family Renesmee and her son fled Europe but there is dangerous secrets Renesmee carries that could put her and her son in danger as the children of the moon search for her to start a war but what happens when the Volturi come across this information?Seven suitcases instead of One: Alec was allowed a ten year break from the guard but what if he returns with some unexpected news such as a wife and five kids? How will the Master's react? How will Jane acknowledge her new family or the fact that Alec has started his own one without her knowing?
