Hey guys,HAPPY NEW YEAR!I should probably just say the disclaimer because I'm not loved...DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Twilight, SM does blah, blah, blah. Any character you don't know belongs to me and me only mwhahahahahaAnyway enjoy,Kirstynxx I didn't mind moving to Forks because it would be like homeYa know with the rain, hail, coldness, almost hypothermia, a sea you can never go into unless you want frostbite and then when it is feckin' warm enough you're in God damned school doing test, or the Junior Cert. Well JC wasn't that bad, but Spanish + Me = Epic fail.What I did mind was spending a 8 hour flight to get to shaggin' Seattle Airport then having to get another hour plane ride to Port Angeles and then a 3 hour drive to the feckin' house. For Christ sake is it too much to ask that we can stop for 5 minutes to have a nice warm cup of tea or a good cup of coffee? This is America for God's sake! They all drink coffee here.I ran my hand through my curly brown hair to try and at least untangle the knots that I knew were in my hair. Why couldn't I be like Mum or Katherine? Who luckily for them had straight hair. No I had to get Dads curly mop of hair. Some days it's manageable but mostly it's not, I'm not really arsed to straighten it. My brother Nathan and I are cursed with the curly headed curse but of course he can pull it off and is good looking(lucky bastard)and I look like something that has been dragged out of the bush most days just FML. Anyway we all have tanned skin because of our Quileute heritage (thank you father), so unlike half of my friends I'm not anaemically pale (no offence to people who suffer from anaemia) .Me looking the most Quileute with dark curly hair, brown eyes but I have a flecks of bright blue in mine and dark skin and you can't forget the luminous green braces . My sister has golden tanned skin, light brown STRAIGHT hair and blue eyes (thanks to mommy dearest). And then there's my brother. He has the palest skin of all of us (yet again thank you mum and your paleness), dark curly hair and green/ blue eyes.Even though Kathy is gorgeous, she is tiny, my dad calls her his 'Little Hobbit' and she's 18. Ha suck on that. She's like 5 foot. I'm 15 and I'm 5ft 10 and still growing but quote mum " I haven't grown into my height yet" so I'm quite gangly and lanky and clumsy even though I run as my sport. Cross country is the best, I wonder if they'll have a team in Forks/ La Push, where we're living hasn't really been finalised. And Nate who is 17 is 6ft 2 and he's quite lanky too.So hopefully you can see my problem. I'm quite tall (thank so much father). I have long legs. Being on a plane with very little leg room sucks ass. Nate's grand though, it's weird the way he is able to bend his legs so he can fit into small places. I completely agree with him, he should join the circus. But mom is like 'No, you need a proper education so you can get a good job. That goes for all of you. Blah blah blah.' God mum no one cares, we all know that Kathy is going to be a hooker. Your probably wondering why we're moving to America. Well it's the usual bull shit Dad got a job that pays more and by chance * Notice the sarcasm* mum the vice principal of my old school. And she got promoted to principal but the job was in AMERICA. For Christ sake what is with the board of management in my school! Frickin weirdo's is what they are. 'We're going to promote you to principal but the job is America' like what the fuck bro? But mum said yes without consulting us. I would have encouraged her, no problemo. But no she says yes straight away. God that makes her sound easy. Dad was going to stay with us in Laois to tie up some loose ends, while mother was gonna go to her new workplace. Then dad got a job in America. But at least Dad came and told us 'Hey guys, I was just asked if I wanted an opportunity to get a higher pay check. But um, er.' I replied with a very lady like manner ' Dad would ya just spit it out for God's sake' Um, it's in America' " Okay. WE'RE GOING TO AMERICA! YEAH BUDDAYYYYYYY' everyone looked at me like I was crazy  ' I'M NOT CRAZY! MOM HAD ME TESTED!" Everyone laughed at that, oh thank you Sheldon Cooper. " Okayyy, let's have a vote. Who doesn't want to go?" the room was silent. "Who wants to go?" a bunch of yesses was shouted at him. "All right then, looks like we're going. I'll just ring my boss and make sure everything is set."So here we are, moving to America, but I'm not talking to mom. Bitch. Didn't even have to common courtesy to talk to her  family. What can I say, I'm a daddy's girl...kinda."Rebecca we have to leave now." Dad shouted up the stairs. God man, I wasn't deaf. I took one last look around my empty room, grabbed my carry on and left.Treacherous journey here I come.Oh yeah, I forgot to mention I'm Rebecca but please call me Becca.So what do ya think?Please follow or comment or anything really... Gosh I sound desperateSee ya,Kirstyn xx
