A/N: So Emmett's whining has finally gotten through to me. Jealous of all the attention Jazz has been getting, he demanded his own full length story...so here we go. *kisses Em* stop being a pain now ok? Sheesh :DIn this story, we find independent Bella who wants a baby, but doesn't necessarily need the man to come along with said baby. She decides to get artificially inseminated. Enter Emmett McCarty; successful sports mogul and bachelor. He needs to have an heir as per the stipulation in his grandfather's will. He hires a surrogate, who kinda flies the coop at the last minute. There comes the problem. There was a huge mix up and instead of Bella being inseminated with an anonymous donor's sperm, she get's Emmett's. How are these two gonna cope with these unexpected events? Let's see shall we. Disclaimer: I am no Stephenie Myer. I just like playing with her babies. PrologueKPOVI couldn't go through with this.Yes I was throwing away a lot of money, but I just couldn't tie myself to a man, and possibly ruin my figure.I'm not shallow by any means, but I would be throwing away a great opportunity to become an actress. The one thing I've always wanted in life.Maybe I was too hasty to accept the proposal.It had sounded good at the time. I was at a dead-end. I hadn't been getting any call backs from my many auditions and I was running out of cash. So the offer sounded really good.But here I am sitting in this room, with all these contraptions and I can't help but feel I'm making the biggest mistake of my life.I wanted a baby, yes. I just didn't want a baby now. Especially one where I was practically giving up all rights. I guess when it came down to it, I wanted the full shebang. The house, the husband, and the two point five kids.I couldn't do this.I scrambled off the bed and grabbed my clothes. I'd have to apologize later, right now I needed to get out of there. And I'd have to return the money.Oh well.I dressed quickly and made my way to the door, my breath catching as the door started to open.Shit.I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw a brunette woman walk in."Oh," she said with a shocked gasp. "I must've gotten the rooms mixed up."I smiled. "No, I was just cleaning it up for you," I said offering a smile."Oh. Thanks," she said stepping aside letting me pass."Good luck," I threw over my shoulder."Thank you," she replied as I made my way down the hall.That was close. No one was around, so I snuck out the back door of the clinic.-.-TA-.-BPOVI can't believe I'm doing this. I was actually doing it. I was going to be a mummy. Hopefully.If all goes according to plan, in nine months, I will be holding my own bundle of joy.Without the help of a man.Well not literally, because I am using a man, well at least a part of him. Other than that small factor, I was doing this all by myself. I've always wanted to be a mother. My grandma always said it was in my bones. I was always the child to rescue some stray animal and nurse it back to health when I was little.I smiled at the memory. I used to drive my parents nuts with that. My parents. They were not happy with me at the moment. They thought I was crazy for doing this. They wanted me to get married and have the full works before starting a family.I thought differently.I didn't need a man to give me a family. I made enough to support myself and my little treasure, and I just wasn't doing so well in the relationship area now.Everyone was all wrong, at least to me. I was too picky, at least that's what my friends say. I like to think of it as being sure of what I want, and none of the men I had dated so far, had what I wanted.So this was my option.Artificial insemination.I had taken my time with this; reviewed the ton of potential donors the clinic had to offer. Went through family histories, and all that other stuff that was important. Health issues, you know, all of that.I had made my choice last week and thanks to my little ovulation machine, here I was sitting waiting to have the procedure done.My mind drifted to the girl who had exited the room when I arrived. She wasn't dressed as staff, hell she had looked downright spooked when I walked in. Wonder what her story was. I didn't have much time to think on it because the nurse chose that time to step into the room."Are you ready?" she asked with a smile.As I'll ever be.I smiled and gave her a nod. She instructed me to lie back and relax. Not really an easy task when some strange woman is poking around in your vagina. I kid you not, it was the strangest feeling ever, but in a few minutes she was done."There we go Ms. Denali, in just a few weeks we'll be able to tell if this took," she said with a smile."Denali?" I asked with a confused frown.She looked down at her chart, "Aren't you Kate Denali?"I shook my head, "No, I'm Bella Swan.""Oh shit," she said.Oh shit? What did that mean?A/N: There you have it. Let me know what ya think.
