Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Wish I did, but mehhhh.This is based off of my one-shot, "The Runaway Girls" and I said I might write more, and because I got reviews saying I should write more (note, I am surprised I got any favorites/follows/positive reviews at all since I figured it was...not very good. ). I decided to do a long story-type thing of the pairings, since it always bugs me when I read [long story] fanfics where it semi-middle of the plot-line where everything is kind of at the climax already, you know? I dunno, I like to get to know my characters here and how they met, bonded, etc. Therefore, I will start from the beginning.Happy Reading~! (^_^)Thank You to the following reviewers (on my one-shot):  .Mistress.92,Wolfstar04, Savysnape7, Nana Suzuki, ellenswim, CityCat, YourEnchantingDesire, MotherGothelFan1, Sian D, and pretty-little-liar-girl70Aro POVAro sat on this throne, bored. It was approximately 12 hours, 53 minutes and 32 seconds until the next feeding time. Until then, he sat on his throne, fidgeting. He faintly heard a noise outside the castle, and concentrated on it.A female voice was whispering. Human of course. They were so nosy sometimes. "This is so stupid. Cassie, why on earth did you dare us to do this?"Another female replied, "Well it's your fault. It was you who dared me to go ask out that hotel manager. I just had to think of something just as bad to dare you. Mara and I came along to make sure you did it too.""Okay, well, I dared you to ask out the hotel manager because I saw you checking him out. I mean, it was only asking for this number! And you know you really want it! I was just helping you!" The female voice whispered louder."Didn't you hear that people who come in, don't come out?" Yet another voice whispered, "Free tours are too good to be true!""Well obviously," the first voice replied, "But we're special, remember?""Uhhh, correction, Ari," the second voice said, "YOU come from a infamous witch and wizard family. Mara and I only have legends of where our family descended from.""Yeah, Ari," the last know-it-all-voice repeated, "My mom told me I am the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great granddaughter of a son of Poseidon. How not true is that? and Cassie comes from a son of Ares like 20 generations ago or more!""Alec, Felix, Demetri." Aro snapped his fingers, and three vampires appeared before him, "Door. Girls. Now." They flitted off, towards the front entrance and waited."Shh! We're here! The door!" the girl grabbed the door, and opened it quietly. It didn't even let out a squeak. They went inside, and pale, cold hands shot out and grabbed them, covering their mouths to prevent them from screaming. "MPGHF LEEHGHH MEEEHHH OURGHRTTT!" Aro was amused, she was screaming and kicking, like her fellow accomplices as well. He stood up, and got ready to greet the human girls.ARIA POVAria snuck with Cassie and Mara into the huge castle before her. "This is so stupid," Aria whispered, "Cassie, why on earth did you dare us to do this?""Well, it's your fault," Cassie muttered, feeling unjust, "It was you who dared me to go ask out that hotel manager. I just had to think of something just as bad to dare you. Mara and I came along to make sure you did it too.""Okay, well, I dared you to ask out the hotel manager because I saw you checking him out. I mean, it was only asking for his number!" she whispered, louder, "And you know you really want it! I was just helping you!""Didn't you hear that people who come in, don't come out?" Mara whispered harshly, "Free tours are too good to be true!""Well obviously," Ari said pointedly, "But we're special, remember?""Uhhh, correction, Ari," Cassie said, "YOU come from a infamous witch and wizard family. Mara and I only have legends of where our family descended from.""Yeah, Ari," Mara repeated, "My mom told me I am the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great granddaughter of a son of Poseidon. How not true is that? and Cassie comes from a son of Ares like 20 generations ago or more!""Shh! We're here! The door!" Ari grabbed the door, and opened it quietly. It didn't even let out a squeak. Perfect. They went inside, and pale, cold hands shot out and grabbed them, covering their mouths to prevent them from screaming. "MPGHF LEEHGHH MEEEHHH OURGHRTTT!" She screamed and kicked, only to meet hard granite-like stone. Was that even possible? They were led to a well-lit room, where many inhumanly beautiful people were waiting. Their ruby red eyes standing out against their pale skin."Well, well, well, what do we have here?" a long, dark haired man chuckled amused.The hands were removed from her face and she was promptly shoved against the floor, knocking the wind out of her lungs. "I-I'm sorry, we're here...for a tour." The man shook his head exasperatedly, and walked towards them, touching each of them for a few moments before moving on. When he got to Aria, her breath hitched. He was beautiful. He wore a dark suit with a red button-up, and those fancy dress shoes she'd hated. His long dark hair looked so neat and well combed that she wanted to run her hand through it for forever."Interesting." the man said, "I cannot read their minds well. It is slightly hazy, I catch random thoughts, but not all of it. The strongest of the haze comes from the blonde, so it must be her influence. I suppose, none of them have gifts save for the blonde. Though I suppose she has more than one.""What other gift?" the light haired man asked, sitting on the throne-like chair."Hiding...apparently she can hide for hours and hours. They've tested it out before too. Took them from morning to night time to find her, and that was only because she got hungry too." he replied, "What do you say, girl? Would you like to work for my family?""Are you in, like, a gang or the Mafia or something? Join your family?" Cassie asked, "I'm not doing anything without my friends."The man smiled, "So you have loyalty." he raised her chin, "I don't think you're in the position to ask anything of us, my dear.""I didn't give you permission to call me, "dear"," she spat, yanking her chin out of his fingers."Tsk, tsk, tsk." he said, smirking, immediately, the blond man from the chair appeared by the dark haired man's side. "Caius. Take the girl, keep her along side of you. Do not change her yet.""Aro," Caius hissed, "Why would I keep her with me? Humans are disgusting and filthy.""Uuuummm, excuse me?" Cassie interrupted, "I hope you didn't forget I'm still here? Don't I get a say? This isn't the ancient times or whatever where women are oppressed. Hello?""Cassie, shut up." Ari hissed quietly, "Do you want to die?"The man chuckled as if he could hear her words, "I will take the green-eyed one. Marcus you take the glasses one."The remaining man on the chair, stood up and crossed the room a bit too fast. He stood silently before the girls before reaching over to grasp "Aro"'s hand. Ari gasped, was this super hot hunky dory guy into...guys? "Who...are you guys?" she asked.Aro looked her, "What do you think, my dear?" he asked, giving her a dark smile, "Think...humans come in and they don't come out. We don't go out into the sun-you've never seen anyone besides Heidi. We have blood red eyes-""You're vampires." Cassie butt in, her eyes not leaving "Caius's" face."Ding ding ding!" Caius muttered sarcastically, "The human won a prize! How grand!"Cassie gave a human snarl, "Well you don't have to be so urghhh about it."Caius looked at her, not amused, "What is this 'urghhh'? No wonder humans are so stupid. The 'urghhhh' feeling doesn't exist.""Uhhh, yeah it does," Cassie retorted, rolling her eyes, "You're just too stupid to know it."Caius lurched forward and slapped her, snarling as he went. Cassie went flying across the room, and hit the wall before sliding down, clutching her cheek, her nose and mouth bleeding from the contact."Cassie!" Ari and Mara yelled. Ari turned towards Aro, "You can't do that! That's violence! I'm going to call the cops on you!"The room erupted in laughter, "In case you have forgotten, my dear," he said sarcastically, "We're VAMPIRES. You know, we drink blood, instill fear in the people, diminish the population, etc.""Soooo? Cops have got guns!" Ari practically yelled and room grew louder with laughter once again."Ari, I think that since they're vampires, guns don't affect them. I remember reading from somewhere that it was fire that they feared." Mara replied, shaking from fear. Her lips quivered as she looked to her friend, "What'll we do Ari?!"Aro smiled, "You are on the right track, little one," he mused, "Now leave. Humans need to sleep, don't they? You will each go with Caius, Marcus, or I." Not giving them time to respond, each of them were promptly pulled up, well, Cassie was yanked up as she gave a cry of pain."Let go me you jerk! Kidnapper! Dumbass! OWWW! Let go of meeee!" Cassie practically screeched as the man pulled her towards the door and to someplace for her to rest.Ari stayed silently, following the long, dark haired man before her. She walked with him for a long time, feeling the coldness around her surround her like a wet blanket, she shivered, "Excuse me, Mr...Aro? Umm, are we there yet? I'm cold."Aro turned, "Forgive me," he replied, his eyes shining with amusement, "I have forgotten humans don't do well in the cold." He promptly picked her up, despite her protests."Hey-what are you-" she was interrupted by the gush of wind she felt. 'Oh my god! Where the heck is he taking me? HOW DOES HE MOVE SO FAST?!' Just as suddenly as he began running or whatever it was he did to move so fast, he stopped. "Umm, how did you move so fast?"He looked at her, "You will know someday," he told her, setting her down. "This is my room. You will sleep in it."She blushed, "Do you mean...?" she trailed off, leaving his imagination to finish the rest of the sentence."No. Vampires do not sleep. You will sleep in my room to ensure your safety.""Right." she said, opening the door and stepping in. She gasped, it was beautiful. A fancy 4 poster bed lay in the center of the room, windows as high as the ceiling were on either side of the bed, with long gold curtains hiding the outside world from inside. She walked over and fingered the curtain fabric. It was soft. Pulling away the fabric she saw that one of the windows also acted as doors-she could open them and walk onto the balcony. Turning back into the room, she looked at the bed in more detail, there were at least 6 pillows on the bed, 3 more for decoration, and the sheets on the bed were so soft. The blankets consisted of red silky sheets and a black blanket with the weird symbol-y thing she had saw earlier sewn onto the center of the blanket. She pointed towards the blanket, "What's that symbol?""The Volturi symbol, of course," he replied, "Come, lay down and sleep, you must be tired."She nodded her head, "Do...you have any girl clothes for me to wear?" she asked, "I don't like sleeping in my pjs."He looked at her, amused, "Very demanding, aren't you?" She was so interesting, this little one. She neither exhibit fear nor hate towards him. To Caius, he knew hate was there because he had hit her talented young friend. He flitted into his closet and simply grabbed one of his t-shirts. Sulpicia had made him got T-shirts. She had said something about him looking young and sexy in them, instead of the boring "old man's clothes" he had for the Volturi. He heart tightened at the thought of her. She was dead. No longer here. No longer beside him. He had cursed the day he had found her ashes. He was going to get revenge and he knew he would. It was the Romanians. They were going to pay. He threw the t-shirt towards the girl standing beside the bed, and waited for her to change.She blushed under his gaze, "Umm, aren't you going to leave, so I can change?""You have no secrets, but if you wish, you may change in the bathroom." He pointed towards the door on her right."Thanks, I think..." she walked towards the door, shutting it as she went inside. She slid down against the door and let out an un-shaky breath. He was too hot for his own good. His clothes that he wore, probably covered his hot body. 'Eww, okay, Ari, stop thinking about that man outside your, errr, his door, and get changed. Like. Now.' she commanded herself silently, getting up from the floor. Quickly, she changed, used the bathroom, and went back to the bedroom. He was still sitting there, on the bed, as if he belonged there. She mentally smacked herself upside down, 'Well, duh.' she thought, 'This was his room, he had every right to be in here.' Silently, she padded across the carpet floor and stood before him, blushing because she knew his shirt only covered her body to mid-thigh. That and she, her fellow friends Cassie and Mara, also went bra-less when they slept."Okay, I'm...ready to sleep now." she told him, knowing it was not necessary to say so.He stood up, "Well then, sleep little one." he turned away, stepping towards the door. He had seen her from the very moment she had walked in, the pull it was, and he had denied it. He wanted to sweep her into his embrace and mark her as his. 'No' he told himself firmly, he would not betray Sulpicia. She was interesting, and he knew she was definitely interested in him. He had caught on to her thoughts earlier when he had touched her hand and face. He shook his head, to free himself from continuing thoughts about her, and left silently, leaving the girl to herself.Ari watched him leave. So he wasn't going to stay. She felt kind of disappointed, though she knew she should have felt elated at the fact that he didn't want any...relations with her...yet. She wanted to save it for that special someone in her life. Suddenly, she felt tired and gave a yawn. Peeling back the covers, she slipped in, shivering at how cold it was. She would look at the details tomorrow, now she was too tired. She curled into a fetal position and closed her eyes, falling asleep. Tomorrow, she would find Cassie and Mara. Tomorrow, they would find a way to leave. Tomorrow, she would wake up to find this all a dream.R & R. If you happen to hate my story, it's fine, but if you leave a review/ message, please try not to be rude. I don't think anyone appreciates a mean review. What I mean by a mean review is writing stuff like "it's stupid" or "I hate your fanfic". Things like that. If you're honestly bugged or ticked off by something, then sure go ahead... (though I like positive reviews just like anyone~!)P.S. As I wrote in my fanfic, in case my story comes off as mary-sued, I apologize in advance. I love mary-sues despite it's cheesiness. So if it comes off to you that way (and you hate mary sues), I'm sorry for wasting your time lol.
