Hey guys! I don't know about you but I really didn't want Twilight to end, so continued it to the best of my abilities. Anyway, I only own the plot! No copy write intended. Everything belongs to Stephine Meyer!Chapter1( This takes place the day after Breaking Dawn ended)I realized that is was getting lighter outside and sighed. I ran into the huge closet, and Edward told me exactly what Alice wanted me to wear. I agreed, because if I didn't she was just going to put me in it sooner or later and I would rather get it over with. I found the clothes he described fairly well considering it was my first time finding clothes by myself in this room she called a closet. Alice had picked out a dark red baby-doll shirt with black bands on my stomach. The leggings were black with lace at the very bottom. The shoes were actually kind of cute, they were black flats with a red rose in the middle. The rose was decorated in red jewels and sparkles. Wow, Alice must have gotten me good, I used to hate sparkles! After I was done, I looked over at my own personal miracle, eyeing the ring on his finger. I still had a hard time processing that this beautiful person was mine. He had put on gray t-shirt and some black jeans. I ran to his side and he kissed me. I took his hand and we went to Renesmee's room. She was waking up as we walked in the door. She broke into a breathtaking smile and reached for me the exact moment I reached for her. As I cradled her in my arms I remembered my 'little nudger,' the one I had been fighting for from the beginning. She was safe and sound and happy. She put her dimpled hand to my cheek and showed me a vision of us walking hand and hand to the house. Me on the right, her in the middle, and Edward on the left. There was a question in her thoughts, "Can we please do it?" Edward already hearing her question through her thoughts replied, "Of course!" I knew just like me, he was willing to give our little girl anything she wanted. We started walking towards the house, the way Nessie had envisioned us. Edward scooped her up in his arms when we got to the river. Holding our daughter in one arm, and my hand in the other, we jumped over the river. Nessie was clapping and giggling before we even hit the ground. I could hear laughter from inside the house as well. We rejoined our family and Rose took Nessie upstairs where, no doubt Alice was waiting to dress her up like a doll. Esme came to give Edward and I hugs. All of the sudden Emmett yelled out, "So Bella, ready for that rematch?" I laughed along with the rest of my family. "I don't think it wears off that fast Emmett. Give it another month," I replied. Emmett growled, "Rematch. Now. Bella!" Edward hissed and I looked into his eyes and he stopped. I was about to kiss him when Emmett got up off the couch, and said, "You'll have plenty of time for that later Bella!" Gosh. Just then, Jacob, Leah, and Seth walked in. Apparently they wanted to see who won. I walked into the garage across from Emmett and put my hand on the remains of the giant bolder. "Ready to arm wrestle?" I asked. i guess he was ready because he started counting. "One... Two... Three!" I could feel the force he was using. I decided to tease him a little. I moved my hand back half of a centimeter and Emmett let out a big, "Hell yeah!" I smiled and shoved his hand so that it was an inch above the bolder and he growled. I said, "I won the bet again!" and slammed his hand into the rock. He ran out of the garage infuriated that I beat him. I turned around and saw Edward holding out a key with a baby blue ribbon on it. He said, "I want to give you your birthday present. I would have given it to you sooner but..." I knew he meant, the Volturi came. He continued, "And I also wanted to have someone who would show the appropriate enthusiasm. Jacob, Seth, Leah, and the rest of my family." I smiled a little at that. He led us all to the east end of the garage where there was tarp with what I assumed was a car underneath. I became nervous. How much money was? Oh God. My thoughts were interrupted when he said, "Bella, I am going to pull the tarp off now." I nodded. He continued saying, "Ta-Da! Do you like it?" I nodded. I was in awe despite myself. It was sleek and white. Kind of like my family and me. I had a few questions though. "Edward?" I asked, "what kind of car is it and how much was it?" He look nervous as he replied," Bella, It's a McLaren F1 and it was only $970,000." I screamed out, "Only! It's almost a million dollars-" He interrupted me by saying, "It's will all be worth it if you can just listen." I sighed. "It has a top speed of 240 mph and reaching 60 mph in 3.2 seconds. It is the 6th most expensive and fastest car in the world as of this year and if you would give it a chance you might like it!" I was about to respond when the rest of my family started laughing with my reaction. Jacob yelled out, "Bella this car totally rocks! Its doors flip open over you head! That's so cool!" "One word. Ostentatious. But I admit I would like to take it for a test drive." I said. My husband's face was practically glowing once I had said this. I got in with the cool flippy door thingys. And sat in the drivers seat. Awesome! I leaned over to kiss Edward who was in the passenger seat for a change. We kissed for a while until I heard throat clearing. "Okay. Okay. I'm leaving!" I exclaimed. We were driving onto the highway and I decided to test the speed of my brand new car. I floored it and in about 13 seconds we were at a speed of 240. The car's highest speed. "I have to admit it Edward, this car rocks!" I couldn't help myself! He smiled and said, "I knew you would like it if you gave it a chance. Bella when we get back to the house Rosalie is going to make some adjustments so that it will get better gas milage. She's also going to put a turbo boost on so it will reach a speed of 310." Wow! That's one heck of a car! "What's its current gas milage?" I asked. He looked kind of embarrassed once I asked this question. "Only 22, but Rose will get it up to 87." he said." That's amazing! Thank you, I love my birthday present!" I was so happy, then a wonderful idea popped into my head. "I have a question for you," I said. "Yes?" he replied. " Well, do you want a new car?" That question took him by surprise. "Um, yeah that would be great, but I wanted to make sure you and Nessie had whatever you need. Along with the rest of our family," he replied. "But, you wouldn't be mad if I got you one, right?" He chuckled but nodded his head. We pulled into the garage and I was immediately looking for Rosalie, Alice, and Emmett. I had an idea of what kind of car I was going to get him. He kissed me and we walked inside. I saw my beautiful daughter walk down the stairs in a purple shirt that said, 'My Family Rules' with a crown on it. She has a pair of jeans and black boots on. "Alice she looks amazing!" I said. "I second that," my husband said. Which reminded me of what I wanted to get him. "Alice! Rosalie! Emmett! I need some help with a present I want to get Edward a certain gift." I said. "Oh! Bella! Shield us!" Alice almost screamed out."Ok. Ok!" I said. Everyone was laughing by now. We went upstairs to Alice's room and discussed my plan.
