The Runaway and the Lone WolfA twilight fan fictionDisclaimer: I am not Stephenie Meyer and I do not own twilight though sometimes I wish I did so I could tweak things like vampires sparkling and wolves that are basically big puppy dogs.Set After Breaking Dawn.Authors Note: If you have any suggestions or notice I made a mistake please feel free to let me know. If you like my story let me know as well.Character: Alanna "Lana" RossiAge: 17 appears to be 18Pairing: JacobBiography: Daughter of Aro and an Italian woman who died shortly after giving birth to her. She was raised in secret by the Volturi wives at the request of her father. Once old enough and mature looking enough Aro brought her into the guard and fooled Marcus and Caius into believing she was a newly turned vampire because of her very valuable skills.Skills: can see the past by touching people, can speak/hear animals (this will help with the pack mind), can hear thoughts and manipulate them making it possible for her to make people forget relationships or influence their memories, she can also work with people's emotions.Description of Lana: dark black hair with violet eyes that change based on her emotions she is tall at 5'10" her black hair has red highlights based on her mother's reddish brown hair.Character: Jacob BlackAge: 17Pairing: AlannaBiography:(From Wikipedia until the ending part) Jacob Black is Bella's best friend. He is a Quileute Native American and a werewolf. In Twilight, Jacob plays the minor role of a forgotten childhood friend of Bella's, and he develops a crush on her. In an attempt to learn more about Cullens, Bella flirts with Jacob, and he tells her tribe legends about "the cold ones", or vampires. After Edward leaves Bella in New Moon, she spends much of her time with Jacob. Though she only considers him a friend, Jacob falls in love with Bella. Although he spends most of his time in Eclipse trying to win Bella, in Breaking Dawn he doesn't imprint on Renesmee instead is like a brother to her still waiting for his imprint.Description of Jacob: From wikipedia: Jacob is characterized as having primarily dark features by his "dark russet skin", "brown eyes", and "black hair". In Twilight, he is described as a lanky 6' 2" fifteen-year-old with hair down to his shoulders. By Breaking Dawn, Jacob's growing character stands at 6'7" feet and has a muscular build. In New Moon, after discovering that he can turn into a wolf, he cuts off his long hair. He later grows it out in Eclipse, thinking that Bella prefers it long. This makes his fur as a wolf shaggier and longer than that of the other wolves. He is said to be quite handsome, as Bella once mentions her jealousy of his features and describes him as "sort of beautiful". He tends to wear only cut-off style jeans or shorts with no shirt, since clothes are often ruined during his transformations into a wolf. As a wolf, Jacob has fur that is described as rusty brown. In the films, the members of the pack all have the same tattoo on their right shoulder.
