It's time. I need write something new. I actually know where this story is going and it excites me so much. I've planned out my chapters and everything. Don't know how many chapters, but I know what I want accomplished before the story is over. So here we go. The chapters will switch back and forth from Bella POV to Edward POV. I'm shutting up now. BPOVSummer, is the season of endless possibilities. Staying up til the sunrises, the parties, the vacations and most importantly the freedom. Everything about summer made me excited. It was the one time of year where we didn't have to worry about homework and teachers and school. With all that out of the picture, I'd have time to do more of things that I loved. I'd have time for my friends and endless time with Edward. This was not the time to think about what the end of August would hold. This is our last summer to be whoever we want to be and I wanted to remember it all.~oOo~This was it, the final step before 2 and half months of freedom. It was graduation day. The day I've been waiting for, for 4 years. I was standing in front of the floor length mirror in my bedroom. There were pictures crammed in between the wooden frame and the mirror itself. As I looked at myself in my gold Forks High graduation gown, I looked at all the pictures surrounding my reflection. The one picture in particular that caught my eye was from freshman year.The picture was taken on the night of our very first high school homecoming. You soon learn later, that attending every single one is not mandatory, but you do it anyways. In the picture was me, my best friend since 3rd grade Alice, her boyfriend Jasper, his sister Rosalie, her boyfriend Emmett and my boyfriend Edward. It was one of those cheesy backdrop pictures that you can take at a school dance, Alice made us all take one. We all look so young and like freshman. The boys were still on the scrawny side and we girls were still trying to fill out the chest area. Except if you were Rosalie and have had boobs since you were 13.I look at this picture now and see six freshman having no idea what those 4 years are going to be like. Those 4 years were filled with break-ups, make-ups, fights, lots of drama, first kisses, first I love you's, first times, first high school parties and so much more. But, we all survived somehow and here we are. This was our last leg of high school before we became adults. There was a sudden knock on my bedroom door, bringing me out of my thoughts."Bella, honey? Are you ready yet? We don't want to be late." It was my mom, Renee. She flew in just for my graduation, along with her husband Phil. I turned away from the memory mirror to look at my mom. She smiled at me, already looking like she was going to cry."How do I look?" I said, doing a little spin in my gown. My mom waddled over to me, she was 7 months pregnant with my soon to be half-brother/sister. She placed her hands on my shoulders and gave me a once over."You look beautiful, sweetheart." She sounded choked up. She smiled at me, before wrapping me in an awkward hug because of her stomach."Thanks mom. I love you." I said to her, pulling away."Love you too," she wiped away an escapee tear. "Come on, let's get downstairs." I followed her out of my room and downstairs into the living room."Renee, how do you work this damn thing?" That was Phil. He was technology challenged, more than Charlie. I didn't think that was possible."Oh, babe. It's this button right here." She left my side to go help her husband work the apparently complicated camera. Charlie came around the corner and stood by me."Hey, Bells. You ready for this?" He asked me, wrapping me in a one armed hug."I guess so. I can't believe it's finally happening." I couldn't be really excited about graduating around Charlie because parents got all sad over how their baby is finally growing up."Me either. I remember when you were just in diapers, telling me you made an oppsie.""Dad, please save the embarrassing stories." I could tell my face was really red."Sorry, kid. But, time did fly so fast. I feel like I'm losing my little girl. After graduation, you've got summer and then NYC." Charlie said.I wanted to be journalist for a very long time. So, I applied to a bunch of different schools and applied to NYU for the fun it and it was one of my dream schools. But, I knew there was no way in hell I'd get in. But, I did. I was so excited when I got my acceptance letter this past winter. I tried not to think about it now because I needed to focus on graduating and summer."You aren't going to lose me dad. Trust me." I said, fidgeting with the sleeve of my gown."Alright! Time to take a few pictures, then off to graduation!" Renee said, clapping her hands with enthusiasm. So, I posed with my dad. Then I posed with my mom. Then I posed with both of them. Then I took solo pictures with my hat on. I ended up taking a couple with Phil. And then it was time to leave. We all piled into Phil's giant SUV and drove to Forks High School for the last time.~oOo~We pulled into the parking lot and there were lots of yellow gowns everywhere. The ceremony was being held outside since today was one of the few nice days we've had in weeks. The sun was shining and it was surprisingly warm. I hoped out of the backseat and looked around. Suddenly, a pair of hands was covering my eyes, very manly hands."Guess who?" I could pick this voice out of any crowd."Johnny Depp?! You've finally come for me!" I said, hiding my giggle."Close. Oh, so very close." He uncovered my eyes and I turned around. Edward was standing behind me, with his heart stopping crocked smile. I looked around before giving him a quick kiss on the lips. Charlie hated it when he caught us kissing."Hey." I said breaking the kiss and wrapping my arms around him to rest my head on his chest."Hey." He said, kissing the top of my head."I should warn you, my very pregnant mother is here." I said, looking up at him. Ever since I told my mom that I had a boyfriend, she's been obsessed with meeting Edward. No such opportunity has arrived til now. I was scared to know what might happen."Should I hide or. . . " Edward pretended to hide behind me. I giggled at his attempt."Hiding would make it worse. I'm just warning you because she might ask you a lot of questions and want us to take a lot of pictures.""Well, it's a good thing I look especially handsome today." I just rolled my eyes at him and went up for another kiss."PDA! Excuse me but, Mr. Cullen I'm going to have to ask you to meet me in my office. You too, Miss Swan." We broke away and looked in the direction of the voice. Emmett was walking over to us with Rosalie on his arm. Rose probably looked better in her gown than anyone else."What are you going to do? Tell me I can't go to graduation." Edward joked back."That's exactly right! Go home young man!" Emmett said mocking our principal, Mr. Greene."If Edward has to go home for PDA, then so should you Em." Rose said, smiling coyly."Whelp. I guess we have to miss graduation. Better luck next year! Come on, Eddie." Emmett started walking back the way he came."You're such a dork." Rose said, pulling back over."But, I'm your dork." He said, looking at Rose before kissing her on the cheek."PDA!" Edward and I both screamed, before laughing."Who's showing PDA?" Charlie said, walking around the side of the car."Hey Charlie! How's it shaking?" Emmett said, raising his hand for a high five. Charlie ignored him."It's Chief Swan, boy. And not bad. Hello Rosalie." Charlie said, walking over to Edward and I."Hey Chief Swan." Rose said, giving Emmett a pity high five."Hello Edward," Charlie greeted Edward. They shook hands like gentlemen. Charlie had slowly grown fond of Edward over the years. We'd been dating since 8th grade. "Did Bella tell you about Renee?""Yes, sir. Should I face her now or after?" Edward said, finding my hand next to his and intertwining our fingers."It's best to face it now. You don't want to give her more time to come up with her interrogating questions." Charlie said. Before Edward could answer, Renee came around the side of the car with Phil in tow."We'll see you guys over in the line-up!" Emmett said, before towing Rosalie away to the group of growing yellow gowns."Bella," Renee said with a huge smile on her face. "Is this him?""Mom, this is my boyfriend Edward. Edward, this is my mother Renee and her husband Phil." I introduced them, and my mom tried to give Edward hug. But, it was much like the one she gave me this morning."Edward, it is nice to finally meet you. Bella has told me so much about you! It's nice to put a face to a name." Renee said, looking him over with her mothering eyes."It's nice to meet you, too. I hope she told you nice things about me." Edward said, glancing sideways at me with a crocked smile. I felt my face flush."Oh it was great things, I assure you," Renee smiled even bigger, if that was even possible. "How old are you?" Edward looked a little confused by her question."Mom, I told you he's 3 months older than me." I said, trying to inconspicuously pull Edward to the safety of the line-up."You could have been lying to me. For all I know, he's like 23 and only pretending to be in high school.""Mom, do you think Charlie would have let me live if that were the case?" I said, pulling on Edward a little more. He moved with me, wanting to escape just as bad."True. . . What do think about marriage?" Renee looked completely serious."Uhh. . . " The tops of Edward's ears were turning red. It was now or never."Oh, look they are lining everyone up. Better go!" I said, tugging on Edward's arm."We'll see you after, Bells." Charlie said, waving at us as we hurried off. Phil looked embarrassed."You are so lucky I got us out of there before she asked you to feel her stomach." I said, slowing down as we neared the rest of our class."What if I wanted too?" He teased."We can go back if you want." I said, halfway turning around. He stopped me and turned me back around looking kind of scared. "I thought so."~oOo~"Isabella Swan." Principal Greene said my name through the microphone. I marched up the stairs and across the stage. I was the last of my friends to get my diploma."Congratulations, Miss Swan." He said, as he handed me my diploma. The clapping got louder in the bleachers where my parents were sitting. I shook hands with my principal and walked off the stage back to my seat.The rest of the names were called, Principal Greene gave a final speech, and we turned our tassels."Congratulations Class of 2013!" We all cheered and threw our caps into the air. I heard Emmett scream, "FUCKING FINALLY!" over everyone else. Yellow caps came raining down on everyone, hugs were being passed around. Friends were crying on each other's shoulders. Parents were walking down from the bleachers to come congratulate their graduate. It was just a sea of people and chaos."WE DID IT!" Alice sprang out of nowhere and wrapped me in a chokehold hug. I didn't really care though, I held onto her."WE ARE OUT OF HERE!" I screamed back. It was so freeing to know that I was done with high school."I feel so relieved. I don't have to worry about any more projects for AP Chem! I can do anything now!" Alice said, releasing me and spinning around almost smacking Rosalie in the process."ROSE! WE'VE GRADUATED!" Alice said, not even bothering to apologize for almost smacking Rose but instead wrapping her in a chokehold."Thank god! I'm tired of all the underclassman eyeballing me." Rose said, untangling herself from Alice and fixing her hair."You guys are coming over to Edward's tonight right?" I asked, looking around for our parents. They were bound to be huddled together somewhere."Wouldn't miss it! It'll be better than Lauren's party anyway. I'd rather not listen to her gossip about how much better she like looked than everyone else." Rose imitated Lauren perfectly."Alice?" I said, spotting my dad and waving him over. The sea of people had cleared a little bit."Jasper and I will be there," Alice paused and looked around. "Where is he, by the way?""He went to find Emmett and Edward," Rose remarked, before we spotted them heading our way. "Here he comes." And so were Charlie, and the rest of the parent brigade."Get ready for the photo-shoot of your lives." I whispered to Rose and Alice, as the guys joined us. And then we were wrapped in hugs from our parents and words of congratulations were passed around. We posed for what seemed like hours of pictures. And then, we were free to leave. I ended up riding with Edward and his parents back to his house."Make sure you're home by midnight. Okay, Bells?" Charlie said through the car window."Don't worry Charlie. I'll make sure she gets home on time." Carlisle, Edward's dad, said from the driver's seat. Charlie nodded before walking back to Phil's SUV. I waved to my mom before we pulled out of the parking space and drove off.~oOo~Edward's house was about 15 minutes out of the city limits of Forks. You had to be on the lookout for their hidden driveway, or you'd drive right past it. Hidden in the woods was their giant three-story white colonial house. I'd been coming here forever, but it was still as beautiful as ever. The circular driveway was empty now, but in a few hours it'd be packed with cars for the graduation party. It was kind of funny because it was like battle of the graduation parties, Cullen vs. Mallory.Edward and I got of the car and headed inside. When you walked in you could see almost the entire bottom floor. There was a staircase in the giant entry way and the entire back wall of the bottom floor was glass. You could see out into the backyard where the pool and the pool house were. These were the luxuries of being the top surgeon in Washington State."Do you guys want anything to eat or drink?" Edward's loving mother Esme asked as she stepped inside. She was where Edward got the green eyes and bronze hair color. But he was a foot taller than her and he got that from his father. She was the peace keeper in the family. When Edward got into a fight with his dad, which wasn't very often, she'd show up in his room with a sundae."That'd be great mom, thanks." Edward said, kissing her on the head before she walked towards the kitchen. Edward began taking off his graduation gown."What time are your friends coming over?" Carlisle asked, shutting the front and taking his shoes off."Emmett is coming over around 6 with Rose," Edward pulled his robe over his head to reveal a white dress shirt and black dress pants. "And Jasper and Alice will be here at 7 because her parents are taking them out to dinner. And the party starts at 8, so people should start showing up at 9." Edward chuckled. It was true. Nobody ever showed up on time. You never wanted to be the first one at a party."Your mother and I will be out in the pool house by 7 then," Carlisle plopped himself down on the couch. "Just make sure no one goes out there.""Got it, dad." Edward said, grabbing my hand and leading me to the stairs. We were halfway up the stairs when we heard Carlisle shout out, "Behave!" Edward walked even faster up the stairs. I broke out into fits of giggles.We made it up to the third floor and walked down to the door at the end of the hall, Edward's room. Edward opened the door and threw his robe on his unmade bed. His room wasn't a complete disaster, but it was a mess. There were clothes scattered on the floor, books piled by the really full bookshelf and CDs piled near his desk."Are you going to wear that ugly robe forever?" Edward joked from his position on his bed; he was lying with his back propped up by pillows."I've grown quite fond of it. I think I might wear it every day." I said, walking over to his bed. I kicked off my silver high-heeled sandals and climbed onto the bed. I threw my leg over one side and straddled him. I began to unzip my gown and once I pulled it down as far as it would go, Edward pulled it over my body and it landed on the floor in a pool of yellow. The gown revealed the only nice party dress I owned, if you didn't count my homecoming and Prom dresses."You look. . ." Edward said, staring at me. I was wearing a dark blue lacey dress. "Beautiful.""You think so?" I said, reaching my hands up to play with the hair on his neck."Always." He breathed before reaching his hand up to brush my hair behind my ear. I leaned down and met my lips with his.He moved his hand to the back of my head to deepen the kiss. I gripped my hands into his bronze hair, keeping his lips attached to mine. He tasted of crest and Edward. His tongue touched my bottom lip, and I opened my lips wider. I will admit that this was one thing I loved about Edward, he had amazing kissing skills. He used his arms as leverage and pushed himself up so we were kind of sitting up. He moved the hand from my neck down to my lower back. My hands tightened his hair, our kissing got more intense. And right where we always got cut off, a knock came at the door. It was Esme."Just a second," Edward kissed me once more before I moved off his lap and sat on the bed. He got up and tried to fix his hair. It was an attempted effort. "Come in.""I've got some chocolate chip cookies for you guys. Freshly baked." She said, placing them on Edward's night stand, the one uncluttered place."Thanks, Esme." I smiled at her casually. But, it was obvious she knew what we were just doing."The food from the caterer should arrive just in time for your party, they just called." Esme said, giving Edward a sly smile. "Well, I'll let you two get back to it. You look really beautiful, by the way Bella."Edward said, "Thanks, mom" right as I said "Thank you.""Oh and Bella?""Yes?""Maybe tell Edward to clean his room up. He might listen to you." Before she shut the door behind her. Edward let out a sigh of relief once she was gone. I let out a nervous giggle."She totally knew. Did you see that smile she just gave me?!" Edward grabbed a cookie off the plate. I rolled off the side of the bed and walked around to get a cookie for myself. They looked delicious."We were left alone. Of course she knew." I laughed, taking a bite of my cookie. Esme's cookies were the best in the entire world. "Your mom isn't that oblivious, Edward.""Hrm." He shoved the rest of his cookie into his mouth before walking into his bathroom and shutting the door.I took little bites of my cookie as I walked over his overcrowded desk. There were crumpled up papers and CDs sitting on it. The pile that caught my eye, though, was the stack of opened envelopes addressed to him. They were all from colleges and universities. One in particular was addressed to him from Julliard. It was one of the big envelopes. I pulled out the letter that was inside and read it."Dear Edward Cullen, we are very happy to inform you that you have been accepted to the Julliard School for Performing Arts. In this envelope you will find the following information. . . . . . We look forward to hopefully seeing you for the fall semester."I looked at the closed bathroom door. He'd gotten accepted to Julliard for his piano playing. Why hadn't he told me yet? I put the letter back in the envelope and looked at the post mark date. It was mailed out in February. He got this 4 months ago. I set the envelope back down on the desk. Maybe he didn't tell me because he wasn't going to accept their offer. He'd be an idiot not to though. This was fucking Julliard, only idiots say no. I looked at the other envelopes from other colleges and universities; Washington State, U of W, Bellevue College, Seattle University. He could get into any of these places no problem, but Julliard. That was huge.I heard the bathroom door open behind me; I turned around and saw Edward walk out. I wanted to ask him about those college letters, but tonight was not the right time to do so. I'd wait until the right moment, whenever that was.~oOo~It was a little bit before nine and we were hanging out on the first level of the house waiting for the party to start. Carlisle and Esme left to pool house almost 2 hours ago. Edward, Jasper and Emmett were in the living room shooting things on the Xbox. Rose, Alice and I were in the kitchen, pointing out to the caterer truck unloaders where to put the food."Julliard? Wow." Alice said from beside me. She was in a simple purple strapless sundress, while Rose was wearing a red formfitting party dress. She wanted to show off her curves."I know right. Uh, you can put that by the pizza tower," I said to Alice and a caterer. "I want to know why he hasn't told me. If you got into the most prestigious performing art school in the world, you'd tell your girlfriend right?""Maybe he doesn't want to go. What were the other places he applied to?" Rose asked, looking into the living room at the sound of an explosion and someone cursing, Emmett. Rose just shook her head."Washington State, U of W, basically any college that allows anybody in as long as they have a brain." I answered."Yeah, he's an idiot." Rose picked up a chip and dropped it in her mouth."He could be embarrassed," Alice chimed in. I looked at her quizzically. "Some guys find getting into a performing arts school embarrassing. Not that many guys want to go to school to play music."I sighed, frustrated. "We've been dating for almost 5 years. You think he'd learn to not be embarrassed around me.""Maybe he's not embarrassed to tell you." Alice said, sticking her hand in the chip bowl that Rose was eating out of."What do you mean? That's he's embarrassed that someone might make fun of him?" I asked, really not knowing who'd do such a thing."Maybe not someone, but someones." Rose said, gesturing with her head to the living room. I looked over and saw the guys all laughing with each other. And it hit me. He wasn't embarrassed about me finding me out; he was embarrassed about his friends finding out."He really thinks his best friends since elementary school would make fun of him?" I asked."Emmett is going to the University of Arizona to play football," Rose said."And Jasper is joining the army," Alice said. "You can see why he'd think that.""I guess so. I just wish he'd tell me." I said, pointing to the last few cater guys where to put the trays of deserts. They set them down, laid down a receipt and left through the front door."He will, don't worry. And if not, just bring it up. He won't be mad. He loves you." Rose said, before walking off with the chip bowl to the living room."Come on; let's go watch some guys blow each other up." Alice hopped off her stool, offering me her hand. I smiled and took it.~oOo~It was almost ten when the bottom level of the house started to get really full. I was surprised by how many people actually showed up. Apparently, Lauren's party was a total flop. She ran out of food and the music sucked. So, we were getting her party goers as well. Since Edward's parents were so trusting of him, they allowed alcohol, but there was a bring your own alcohol policy. So, if you didn't bring it, you couldn't have any. And that was also something Lauren's party lacked. Guess some of us will only be popular inside high school.I was making my rounds, saying hi to a few people I knew but not really well. I was surprised to see Jessica Stanley here and not at her BFF Lauren's house. She said that she loved her best friend, but her party was a disaster. I also ran into my Calculus friend, Angela Weber. It was shocking to see her with a red cup in her hand. She was so quiet in school. But outside of school, she was loud and social. I was kind of sad that I never got to really know her.Then I ran into Mike Newton, my unofficial stalker and Jessica's on and off again boyfriend. They were currently off because Jessica was caught kissing a wrestler while they were dating. I could tell he was drunk because he was trying to cop a feel. Thankfully, I got saved by Emmett who walked me away from him."Thanks, Em. You're a lifesaver." I said, downing the last of my drink. I never really drank, but it was a graduation party and someone brought 2 kegs, so I said to hell with it."No problem, Izzy." He said, wrapping his arm around my shoulders. We walked into the kitchen and stopped to fill my cup at the keg."Do you know where Edward is?" I asked, tapping of my cup."Yeah, or I did. Before I rescued you from Smelly Newton, I saw him in the dining room talking to Eric Yorkie." He grabbed a slice of pizza and stuffed it into his mouth. Esme ordered so much food, the table wasn't even half empty yet."Thanks." I said, taking a sip before walking off toward the dining room.I walked into the dining room, and I found Edward; playing beer pong with Eric."Hey, Bella." Edward said not looking away from the cups in front of Eric. He tossed the ball and it went into the one in left hand corner. Edward raised his hands in victory as Eric picked the cup up and chugged. He threw it on the ground and picked the ball up."Hey," I walked over and stood next to him. It looked to me that Edward was winning by two cups. "Having fun?""Yeah, except Yorkie keeps cheating!" Edward yelled over the music so Eric would hear him."Am not, Cullen! You're the one who keeps putting your elbows over the table." Eric said, making it a point to keep his elbows behind the edge of the table. He tossed the ball and it bounced off the rim of the middle cup and landed in the one next to it."Damn it." Edward picked the ball out and chugged the alcohol. He crushed the cup and dropped it on the floor."Could I try?" I asked him, taking a sip from my red cup."Sure, why not. I'm subbing in Yorkie!" Edward called, trading the ball for my cup."Letting a girl play for you huh Cullen? Prepare to lose!" He called back."I wouldn't be so sure of that Yorkie." Edward winked at me, before waving his hand over the table. I made sure my elbows were behind the edge before aiming the ping pong ball. I gave it a light toss and it flew into the cup at the front."What was that about losing?" I crossed my arms, raising a brow. Eric narrowed his eyes before taking the cup. I high fived Edward.After I helped Edward defeat Eric at beer pong, I left the room to go look for Alice or Rose. I had lost them when people started arriving. I couldn't find either of them on the main level so I tried upstairs. The only floor off limits was the third floor. I eventually found Alice sitting in a vacant bedroom."What are you doing by yourself?" I asked."Oh, I just needed to get away from the party. You know how I get my claustrophobic moments." Alice said, turning to me. I joined her on the edge of the bed, offering a sip from my 4th cup. She drank the rest of it. "It's crazy down there.""Yeah. It's nice to see a familiar face. I didn't realize I didn't know half the kids in our class.""Same here! Jasper is down there talking to a bunch of kids I've never seen before. I told him I had to use the bathroom, but I ended up here. It's kind of quiet." Alice let out a puff of air.The door busted open at the moment and an excited Rosalie was in the doorway. "There you guys are! Oh my god! You are missing it!""What's going on?" I asked."Lauren showed her ugly-ass face and shit is going down! Come on!" Rose said, frantically waving her hand for us to follow her. Alice and I hoped up and followed Rose quickly down the stairs."YOU BITCH!" Lauren shouted. We were half way down the stairs when I saw what was happening. Lauren was in the entry way, yelling at Jessica."What happened?" Alice whispered to Rose."Jess was making-out with Tyler when Lauren walked in. That slut." Rose whispered back. We stopped in the middle of the staircase."I can't fucking believe you! Making out with MY BOYFRIEND! I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY BEST FRIEND!" Lauren was yelling extremely loud."Mybe if ur party wasn't soooo fucking lme, he would of bean at ur house instead of hera wuth meh!" Jessica was drunk. Like, super drunk. Lauren looked like she was about to kill Jessica."And you," Lauren pointed her finger at Tyler. "What the fuck do you think you're doing making out with this slut?! You're MY DAMN BOYFRIEND, FOR FUCKING SAKES!""He doosn't wernt yoouuu," Jess almost fell over. "anymure."That made Lauren snap, she charged at Jessica knocking her to the ground. Jessica screamed bloody murder."Bitch fight!" Rose exclaimed. She was way too into this. Lauren was punching Jessica in the face, while Jessica was trying to cover her face with her drunken arms. I saw out of the corner of my eye Emmett rush in and tear Lauren off of Jessica. Her arms were flaying."LET ME GO! RIGHT FUCKING NOW! I WANT TO KILL HER!" Lauren screamed at Emmett."No can do," Emmett said. I didn't realize the music had been shut off and the lights come completely back on. "PARTY IS OVER! Time for everyone to go home!"There were groans and boos, mostly towards Lauren and Jessica. People started shuffling towards the door. Rose, Alice and I walked the rest of the way down the stairs."Way to ruin the party, Lauren." Rose sneered."Shut the fuck up!""Hey, that's my girlfriend! Watch it or I'll throw you in the pool." Emmett threatened. Tyler was helping Jessica off the ground. She was holding her nose cause it gushing blood. Tyler helped Jessica's drunken self out of the house."Okay, I can let you go now." Emmett said before dropping Lauren on the ground and walking away."Ass." Lauren said, getting up and brushing herself off."Stick to ruining your own parties," Rose commented, smirking. Lauren flipped her off before heading for the door. "Oh, love you too! Let's stay in touch!" The door slammed behind her. "What a bitch.""I wonder why she even came here in the first place. So she could hang out with her friends that obviously could care less about her." I remarked, leaning down to pick up cups off the ground."She was missing the attention, so she figured why not come to a party where she could get some." Alice said following my lead, picking up napkins and paper plates."That is going to be one ugly Facebook fight later," Rose said. "Glad I haven't unfriended them yet! It'll be the last ounce of high school drama I'll ever see." Alice and I chuckled.~oOo~It was past midnight when the downstairs was finally cleaned. I had missed my curfew, but I was pretty sure Charlie was fast asleep. Or I had hoped."I am so tired." Alice said, leaning her head on Jasper's shoulder."I am going home and not getting up til after noon." Emmett agreed, hauling the last garbage bag out to the garage.We were all hanging out on Edward's porch. Alice and Jasper were sitting on the steps, I had my arms crossed on the railing, Rose was next to me and we were watching Edward and Emmett haul the trash out."You know Jasper," Edward called. "Since you're joining the army and all, you should be doing this and building muscle.""No! He's my pillow." Alice said, clutching Jasper's arm."Sorry, buddy." Jasper grinned."We should really head home, Jazz. If we have to drop Alice off, I don't want to get her in trouble." Rose said, pulling the car keys out of her purse and tossing them to Jasper, who caught them."I guess," Jasper said standing up with a sleepy Alice reluctantly following. "See you later, guys.""Bye Jazz, Alice," I waved at them, as they headed towards Jasper's black truck. "Bye Rose.""Bye Bella. See you later." She hugged me before going to say good-bye to her boyfriend. Emmett wrapped her up in a bear hug and kissed her. I smiled at their exchange. He came up onto the porch."Well, I'm heading home too. Night Izzy!" Emmett swung me around in a hug."Night Em. See you later!" He walked down the porch, high-fiving Edward on the way down the steps."Time to get you home." Edward said, wrapping his arms around my waist."Do I have to?" I whined, leaning my head onto his chest looking up at him."I wouldn't mind if you stayed," he said, bending down and kissing my forehead. "But, I'm afraid your dad might think I kidnapped you. And he actually likes me now.""I wouldn't want you to be convicted of kidnapping," I said spinning around to face him. "I guess you can take me home.""What time is it?" He asked me suddenly. I raised my eyebrow confused before pulling my phone out of my bag."12:45. It's already way past my curfew." I said."A few more minutes won't hurt than." He said before leaning down to kiss me. I gripped onto his shirt, pulling him closer. He pushed me back against the railing and moved his lips off mine down to my neck."I love you." I breathed to him, running my fingers through the hair on his neck.He looked me in the eyes with his emerald eyes. "I love you, too." He kissed me one more time before pulling away. "Come on, I don't want you to get into any more trouble than you already are." I nodded in agreement. He pulled his car keys out of his pocket with hand and held my hand with the other as we walked to his silver Volvo.~oOo~Edward pulled up to my house at exactly 1:10am. I was an hour and 10 minutes. I was praying that Charlie was sleeping and didn't check to see if I got home. My mom and Phil were staying in the guest room, so I hoped neither of them was up either."Good night, Bella." Edward said, running his hand along my cheek. I leaned into his touch."Good night." I unbuckled my seatbelt before getting out of the car. I shut the door as quietly as I could. I walked up to the front door and unlocked it using the key that was hidden under the dead plant. When I walked into the living room, I saw someone sitting in Charlie's recliner. Busted."Do you know what time it is?" Renee asked. I slowly walked around to face her. She was smiling and I let out the breath I didn't know I was holding."I know. I'm really, really late. I'm sorry." I said, sitting down on the love seat."Oh, I don't care. You're just lucky I'm not Charlie," Renee turned on the lamp so we could see each other better. "Did you have fun?""Yeah. It was awesome! It broke up early because two girls decided to get physical." I explained, leaning back."High school drama still?" She guessed. I just nodded my head."The one girl was extremely drunk and made out with the others boyfriend, who seemed to be completely sober. The other girl came to the party and that was the first thing she saw.""Some girls just never grow up. All they have is high school and once they leave there they got nothing. Every class has a few people like that.""Hmm," I closed my eyes for a second, my tiredness finally hitting me. "Why are you still up, by the way?""Oh, the baby was really kicking and I couldn't lay still. He/she has stopped now." She said rubbing her stomach. My mom was such an adorable pregnant lady. But, also a scary one."Well, I'm going to go to bed. I'll see you in the morning." I said, standing up. I went over and helped my mom out of the recliner."Alright. And hey, do you think Edward would like to go to lunch with us tomorrow? I'd like to talk to him some more before I leave on Sunday." Renee said, clutching me as I helped her up the stairs."Maybe. I'll text him and ask him." He was going to go whether he wanted to or not."Sweet. Alright, night sweetie." She waddled off to the guest bedroom.I walked into my bedroom, unzipping my dress and dropping it on the floor. I changed into a pair of cotton shorts and a t-shirt. Not bothering with anything else, I climbed into my bed and plugged my phone in.Me: Hey. I know you're probably sleeping right now, but you're coming to lunch with my family tomorrow on Renee's request. Sorry!A few minutes went by before my notification ring went off.Edward: Your mom scares me so I wouldn't even want to say no.Me: Hahaha! Oh, and when you come by tomorrow can you bring me my grad gown?Edward: Why do you want that ugly thing?Me: Memories. Renee or Charlie might want to keep it. And I told you, I want wear it every day!Edward: Yeah. I'll bring it. Did I tell you that you were only one that could pull it off? ;)Me: Oh, shut up :P I'm going to sleep now. See you at 11!Edward: Good night. Love you!Me: Love you!As soon as I set my phone on my night stand, sleep eventually took over.
