"You`re what?!" Hey at least I don`t seem like a freak anymore. "A shape shifter." He repeated. I felt a smile creep on my lips. He began to stare at me weird. God, I probably look like a complete dofus standing there smiling like that.Embry/OCDisclaimer: I don`t own Twilight. Also, I don`t own the song.(Olivia)"Please Sammy. I`m tired." I complained as I rested my hands on my hips. I took a couple deep breathes. Moving boxes where hard when we`re only two girls. Where the men to do this?Samantha, (I call her Sammy) rolled her eyes and replied, "Okay, lil sis. Five minutes. We still need to unpack."I sighed in relief as I sat on one of the boxes as I whipped my hand on my jeans. I miss Chicago that was for sure. Even though Forks had that green environment vibe, I missed the way cars honked in the traffic. The way every time we drive, we pass a tall building that looked like it can go forever.This wasn`t Chicago.Washington was more of a woods everywhere kind of place. I don`t mind the nature, but it`s colder and is consider the rainy state. I turned my head, trees. I look back, more trees. I look forward, even more trees.I took a deep breath as I closed my eyes. Memories as to why we moved here in the first place flashing through my head. It`s been almost three years since our parents died from a plane crash. I remember the day Samantha told me the news.(3 years ago)I woke up to loud sobbing. I slowly got up from my bed and cracked my door opened a bit. I was thirteen at the time and Sammy was nineteen. I slowly creped down the stairs and peeked my head from the corner. I saw Sammy on the couch with her hands in her face. "Sammy?" I asked as I got closer. She looked up at me. She looked terrible. Her mascara was running, her eyes were puffy and red, her nose was runny and her bottom lip quivering. I looked at the clock. "Sammy, why are you up at 3:39 in the morning?" I asked, rubbing my eyes.She stared at me before breaking down into sobs again. My eyes widen; she was always the strong one. She never cried. At least not in front of me. It was rare to see her cry. I sat beside her on the black couch and rubbed circles in her back."They`re d-d-d," She tried to speak but, it was no use. Whatever she was trying to say was trapped in her throat. "They`re what, Sammy? Finish." She looked away from me, "They`re dead, Olivia." Panicked filled me."Who? Who`s dead?" I was anxious. She slowly looked into my swamp green eyes. Emotions coming and going in her eyes. Pain. Lost. Miserable. Confusion. "M-mom and da-dad." My heart dropped. No, this has to be a cruel joke or something. My lips began to quiver as I felt it hard to breathe felt something wet on my cheeks but, I didn`t care. "No, no, no!" I yelled. I shot up from my seat and cover my ear. "I`m not listening!" I began to sing a song my mom always sung to me. "You are beautiful. No matter what they say. So, don`t you bring me down toda-" I was cut off by more sobbing and by Samantha hugging me tight. I released my ears and wrapped them around her as we sobbed together. After a good thirty minutes, we cried our selves clean she let go of my grip and started walking to the closet. I looked at her confused before she came back with a turquoise, jeweled microphone. She wiped away her dried tears and spoke."Mum wanted to give this to you when she came back from Texas." She placed the microphone in my hand. Mum and Sammy had one just like it except, mum`s was gold and Sam`s was purple. I smiled and gripped it with my might. I looked at it and closed my eyes as fresh tears escape my eyes,"Thank you."I blinked away the tears that threaten to escape my eyes. I smiled remembering my parents. They were fantastic parents. It was cruel that they were ripped away from us before we even got a chance to say goodbye. Samantha decided to be my gradient and we moved from Chicago to Forks, Washington. Apparently, Sam wanted to 'start fresh.'But, the only thing fresh were the memories."Five minutes are up, Liv." I rolled my eyes and groan as I grabbed the box and walked into the newly, unfurnished house.It`s gonna be a long day.How was the first chapter? I know, short, but it was just the introduction, so yeah. Review!~HatersGoing2Hate
