ALL CHARACTERS BELONG TO S. MEYERS I JUST PLAY WITH THEM.BPOVI never thought in a million years I'd be back here but here I am working the register at Newton's sporting goods. Mike took over the store after he graduated so it wasn't hard getting my old job back. Mr. Newton had a heart attack about a year ago so Mrs. Newton stayed at home with him most of the time now. Poor Mike doesn't really have much of a life now. What am I saying? Poor me! I'm a twenty five divorcee who had to move home because she lost her job. I'm just gratiful Mike gave me this job back. I had to move in with two of my best friends and their son. I feel horrible about it but I couldn't move back in with my dad. There are too many bad memories in that room. Mike was at home today helping his mom so i was bored and all alone. We hadn't had a customer all day so I decided to stock the shelves to stay busy. I was in the stockroom when I heard the bell above the door. "Be right there" I walked out to find my old best friend Alice Cullen. "Oh my god, Alice! What are you doing here? I haven't seen you since spring break '09.""Hi, Bella! I just came to grab some supplies for this weekends camping trip. What are you doing here?"I looked down at my feet trying my best not to cry. "I work here.""I kind of figured that. I meant here as in back home. When did you get back?""About a week ago. It's only my second day back at work." She had that I'm so sorry look on her face."So what have you been up to since high school?"I ran my hand through my new short hair cut. "Well, Alice, after I graduated I went to Columbia and study english literature. I ended up getting married my junior year. I graduated about two years ago. I was working at Potter publishing as an assistant editor until recently."Alice just stood there giving me a very confused look. "Your husband didn't mind moving back here with you?"I could feel my eyes starting to betray me. A tear slowly rolled down my cheek. "We finalized our divorce in April. I'm living with Angela and Eric Yorkie until i can afford my own place." I wipe away my tears and finally look at her."Bella, I'm so sorry. Why didn't you move back in with Charlie?""Too many bad memories.""I don't mean to pry but the last time I was here you were hanging out a lot with Jacob Black. Is that who you married?"For the first time since starting this conversation I actually smiled. "No, Jake and I tried dating but the whole long distance thing took a toll on us. We're still friends. I actually married Tyler Crowly. Do you remember him? We went to school with him. He was one of my only friends at Columbia. How about you? Anything exciting since high school?"I thought Alice would explode when I asked. She broke in the biggest smile and threw her left hand out. she had a gorgous gold band on with an oval diamond in the middle with a simple wedding band over the top of it."I just celebrated my first anniversary. I still can't believe it.""Congratulations. I'm sure Jasper is just as happy as you.""Yes, we are very excited. This is the first time we've all been together since Christmas."When Alice said that panic washed over me. Edward would be in town. I hadn't seen him since a few days after my eigtheenth birthday when he dumped me and his family moved to L.A. I had to grip the counter to keep from falling."Bella, are you okay?""He's going to be here this weekend?""I'm so sorry I forgot for a minute. I actually have to go. I'm running late for an appointment but I'd love to get lunch tomorrow if you can.""Sure I'll meet you at Carver's around two tomorrow?""That's perfect. Bye, Bella"Just like that she was gone and I felt sick. This week couldn't get any worst.
