Author's Note:POV: Bella00. Photograph by Nickleback"Mom, do I have to move; I have an amazing life here, I have friends, a boyfriend, and you, what else can I want?" I whined. I was dating Connor Quick, the hottest guy in school. He was captain of the football team and absolutely perfect."Isabella Marie Swan, don't you dare use that tone with me; you're moving to Forks to live with your father and that is final. I have called the dancing sponsor, told her, and have had your files transferred. Tomorrow is your last day of school and you will be on a plane to Forks at 5:30 tomorrow night, do you understand?" Renee screamed. I sighed, defeated. I don't do those long distance relationships. Too much stress, and really you can never trust the person because you always think they're cheating on you so they never work."Fine," I said. Renee pointed me to my bedroom, silently telling me to start packing. I stomped up the stairs. I pulled out my IPhone 5 and texted Connor.Hey, baby, meet me at the park, now, if you can. ~Connor'sGirlI threw my phone down and grabbed my keys. I trudged down the stairs."Now, where do you think you're going missy?" Renee screamed. I rolled my eyes. She was still pissed, and so was I."To break up with my damn boyfriend, since I have to move to fucking Forks, Washington," I screamed. Renee's face cheered up immediately. She never did like Connor. She thought of him as a player. She nodded and I stormed out of the house, slamming the door behind me. I reached the park and saw Connor's car. I went to our bench. When I got there, I saw it. Connor was cheating on me. What is so bad? It was supposedly my best friend, Rebecca. Co-captain of the dance squad.~The next day~"I love you, baby," Renee said, hugging me. I smiled. "Call me, everyday," she said. I nodded."I love you too, Mom, I'm sorry for everything," I said, wiping the tears away. She smiled and hugged."Oh, it's alright, dear," Mom said, kissing my cheek.Flight 36 heading to Seattle, Washington is now boarding. The intercom said. I hugged Mom and Phil one more time and then turned to get on the plane. I plunged my IPod in my ears and fell asleep listening to it.Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed it and will continue to read. Thank you. Review what you think.-Ski
