My name is Peter Swan andMy life sucks ass! This is just wrong. I can't believe that Edwina did this to me? She just left? How the hell is this fucking possible? She just played me and left me. I was nothing more than a toy to her. That family pissed me off so damn much. It's crazyso now here I am in South Texas trying to revive my fuckin' life. I left my dad, the pack and all my friends back in Washington. Well it was going great till my fuckin' truck blew up. So now I'm stranded on the side of the fucking highway tryin' to hitch a ride in the fuckin' hot ass Texas sun."Why Me?" I ask aloud.That was when I noticed an old black Ford F-150 pull up to where I was. The windows were pretty much blacked out. Kinda weird and cool. The driver stopped and waved me over. As soon as I opened the door the cool air of the air conditioner hit me and I sighed."Well ya gonna hop in or ya gonna fry out here?" The driver asked and I noticed then that it was a female.I jumped in and looked over. The woman had on short shorts and a tank top. Her skin was pale and I felt fear start to hit me a little. She was wearing dark, dark sunglasses so I couldn't tell what color her eyes were. As soon as I closed the door we were off."Where Ya headed, sugar?" She asked in her southern twang."Austin, ma'am." I said and she smirked."Alright then. I was headed that way myself." She said as she continued on the road.I felt compelled to give her my name and did so. "Names Peter Swan.""Isabella Whitlock, But ya can jus call me Izzy." She said."It's nice to meet you." I said."Likewise." She said glancing over at me."So you're from Austin?""Nah, down toward Houston, but for right now livin' with mah sister and brother-in-law at my older brother's house." She said as I nodded."You know you don't have to keep up pretenses with me. I know what you are." I said quietly."Really? And what am I?""Vampire." I said and she jerked the wheel to the side of the road. She turned to look at me and pulled off her glasses. That's when I saw her eyes. Red. She was a human drinker. That's when my fear sky rocketed. She scrutinized me with her gaze for a moment before pulling back onto the road."Now how you know what I am?" She asked and I shrugged."Met a coven a while back." I said."Where you from?" She asked."Forks, Washington." I said and I saw her tense.She was about to say something, but her phone rang then. She pulled it up to her ear and answered it."Yeah?""What do you mean I got a tail?""How the hell did he find out?""What the fuck am I supposed to do about it.""That wasn't my fault, Char. And you know it. Get that husband of yours to fix it.""Fuck that.""He's wound up tighter than a two dolla watch.""Tell 'im ta call me now."The moment she ended the call she looked pissed, but I didn't say a word."I ain't gonna eat ya, sugar. So ya can go'n an' settle down with all that fear." She said as I stared at her."What was the name of the coven?" She asked after a few moments of silence."Cullen." I said not giving a shit about them anymore."Thought so." She said. Then she got a look of 'a-ha' and her phone rang.Without looking at the screen she picked it up. "What's up Fucker." She said putting it on speaker phone."Not much Bitch. How you been?" Came a familiar voice. Jasper hale."Been good, brother. Just bidin' my time. Whacha doin?" She asked."Alice and I are comin' down for a visit." He said."No." She growled."Ya can put up with her for a lil' while honey bee. I miss ya and Char. Besides, Char said you got somethin' ta tell me.""Now ain't really the right time for this conversation, Jazz.""Why not?""Cause I said so, that's why.""What's wrong witcha?""Ain't nun a ya'lls business.""Sure as hell is. You best be spittin' out what's gotcha panties in a twist lil' sister.""Leave the Cullen at home and come down alone. Ya'll know I can't stand her or her fuckin' family. They just fake as they come, Jazz.""Leave her alone, Izzy.""I ain't said two words to the sprite. Now ya comin' alone? Cause if she go'n be there Imma head on up to the otha house.""Noshe ain't comin.""Good.""I'll see you tomorra night." He said sighing."Later." She said hanging up the phone."Sorry bout that, sugar. I can't stand his wife. Her voice grates on my nerves and she expects me to just sit there and listen to her talk like it ain't no problem.""It's alright, her voice used to piss me off to.""Seems like we got sumthin' in common.""Seems that way.""So how is it that you know of our world? And I reckon that bite mark on ya wrist ain't just a consolation prize. Go'n spill it, sugar."So I told her everything. From Edwina and me meeting, to going out, to her leaving me three days after Rosalie tried to take a bite outta me. The freakin' coma I was in because of the hypothermia I caught. Sam finding me and Jayla piecing me back together. I sound like a chick but damn that girl fucked me up bad. All the fuckin' I've been doin."WowShe sure did a doozy on ya. Waitshe tol' ya that ya'll was mates?" She asked looking confused."Yeah." I answered warily."That ain't possible, sug.""Why not?""Cause one, ya wouldn't have to dazzle ya fuckin' matethey wouldn't be able to be under that spell. Two, ya can't leave ya mate, it would cause too much pain." She said and just like that my world opened up again. What the fuck was I thinking?She fucked with me. I seethed."Yeah she did. She fucked you over big time." She said and I looked over at her. "Yeah ya said it out loud, sugar."Oopsmy bad."So where are we going?""Home. I ain't lettin' you outta my sight for now sugar. As it seems you got a blond male after ya. Ya got the whitlock coven as protection and ain't nothin gettin past us."Huh?First chapter I want to see how many people like this soif I get a huge response I will continue itif not then I will delete it and keep it to myself. Read and review please.
