He kissed along my neck and collarbone. He had ripped off all my clothes except my blue lacey pink trim see through panties. He smacked my legs with a sexy growl and proceeded to kiss up my thighs. He sniffed my center and rubbed his fingers across it. I moaned but I had forgotten his rules. He backed away quietly and stared at me, disapprovingly."I'm sorry." I whispered.He was next to my body again, pressing me against the kitchen table rougher. Every time I moaned the angrier he got and the angrier he got the hornier he got, which meant he wanted to be inside of me as I much as I wanted him inside of me. He kissed my right breast as he twisted the left one's nipple. I held my tongue as he licked and flicked his tongue on my nipples.He pressed his erection to my center and I bit my lip. He smirked and began kissing on my neck again. Tired of his foolish games, I bucked my hips into his and his hard cock was pressed against me. He growled at me, apparently he liked it. He ripped my panties from the seam and leaned down towards my center. He sniffed it and let out a sigh. He dipped his finger inside of me and I bit my lip as hard as I could. He pulled it back out and I saw my wetness on his finger."You're not wet enough," Was all he said before he stabbed two fingers inside of me. I arched and sucked on my bottom lip afraid to bit down more in case I bit too hard. He pumped his fingers inside of me and then abruptly stopped. He examined his fingers and shook his head."This is better butI want you dripping with wetness." It came out as a growl as he sank three fingers into me. I gasped but it didn't bother him. He began fucking me harder with his fingers. My wetness covered parts of his fingers that weren't inside of me. I felt it. I was so close. So very close.He removed his fingers and smiled."Much better." And then he shoved himself inside of me.I moaned out louder and on purpose I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. He didn't move. He laid me back on the table and began fucking me slowly. I couldn't breathe. He leaned down and whispered in my ear, "Breathe Bella."I sucked in as much air as I could. He pushed inside of me hard and all the air I had came out into a loud moan. He plunged his rock-hard cock inside of me while he pulled and tugged on my nipples. I arched and moaned at his movement but panted out, "Faster Edward! Uhhhh Harder"He didn't toy with me. He went faster making the table eek. But he stopped. I looked up at him trying to see what was wrong but he put me on the floor and bent me over the table. He slammed his cock in my pussy from behind and pounded inside of me hard and fast. I moaned loud gripping the edges of the table.I cried out his name as I was washed with waves of pleasure. He grunted as he pumped a few more times inside of me then came inside of me. I turned around in his arms and kissed him softly on his lips."Nah uh Bellayou wouldn't want to get big Eddie down there excited again will you?"I giggled, "I would but your wife" I sneered the word, "Will be home in twenty minutes.""I know and at the moment I want to tie you down to the bed and fuck you until you forget who you are."I laughed at him and moved away from him to find my clothes. My white mini dress was on the counter where we had start making out. I picked up but it slipped from my fingers. I bent over to get it and Edward whistled. I blushed and stood up quickly.I looked at him as I used the dress to cover up my body. His eyebrows furrowed as he walked towards me. He removed the dress from my hand and looked at me like I had done something wrong."Never cover your beautiful body Bella." He told me and I looked away, blushing."You should get going. It'll be real late if you don't go unless I drive you home?"I smiled, "Thanks but no. I have to go to Jacob's""Why do you have to go there?" He asked, a hint of anger glinted in his eyes."I have to tutor Seth, I thought I told you.""Are you datingSeth?" He asked."No I'm nothe's too young for me." I answered truthfully."So you've taking him into consideration?""Ugh where is all this coming from?"He tossed me my dress and I angrily put it own. I didn't bother buttoning it at the front I stared at Edward angrily."Rosalie said""Ugh that girl hates me. Why wouldn't she say that? Really? You thought I was withSETH!? Wow I can't believe you." I said snapping the buttons angrily then stomping towards the door."I don't understand us. Why after sex we argue?"I didn't answer only shook my head."Don't be mad at me love. I just panicked.""I got to go.""I love you."I couldn't just walk out without saying "I love you to" how could I. I knew I would just regret it if I didn't. Why was I so mad? Was it because I knew I liked Seth more than I should have? "I love ya to." I said and he turned me around. I rolled my eyes at him and looked in another direction."Is there something you need to tell me?" He asked."Go put some clothes on Edward. I don't need to tell you anything I need to get to Seth's place.""Thought it was at Jacob's place?" He challenged."I-Iyea that's what I meant.""I think you like this Seth guy a little too much,""No I don't." I tried to kiss him quickly but he held it. He pressed me to the door and nearly swallowed my mouth. I pulled away and giggled."Stop it, Tanya will be home""Fuck Tanya.""That's what ya do to her after I leave." I said."True."I frowned and rolled my eyes."I love you more. She is beginning to be less attractive to me as you become beyond attractive to me."I blushed and looked down. He lifted my head by his finger and kissed me. He slid his tongue in my mouth and reached under my dress. He rubbed my clitoris and I moaned. Suddenly, headlights flashed through the window besides us. Both our eyes went wide as we heard the car door slam."Go upstairsin my closet she never looks in there." He hissed at me and I did as he said. As I was scurrying up the stairs I dived in his closet. I heard them from downstairs.Edward's Point of View:I ran to the kitchen trying to find my clothes. I picked up Bella's ripped panties, bra and tights and tossed them in the trash. I grabbed my bath robe off the couch because I couldn't find my other clothes. I sat on the couch; hit the power button the remote and laid back watching football.The front door opened up and Tanya stepped in. She was mumbling something about dropping her lip gloss. I smiled at her and welcomed her home."Hey baby. How was work today?" I tried to play everything cool."I was fired today."My eyes went wide and I dropped my head."At least you feel my sadness, at least someone understands me."No more me and Bella because she'll be hard to get to leave the house.What the hell would we do now?
