This is a Leah/OC story that begins with Leah joining Jake's pack. Jake and Leah are able to break off of Sam's pack after Jake learned that Bella was pregnant. Leah hates the Cullens so she offers to fill in for Jake at his job in Seattle. Jake works as a bodyguard for a mob boss, Anson.This story begins at Chapter 12 in A Never Ending Paradox. You don't need to read NEP to understand this story. Just understand these three things:1. You just need to know that Lexi is Jacob's imprint. She is Quileute, but has grown up on the East Coast her whole life. Lexi was kidnapped in the beginning of NEP and was rescued from the kidnappers by Anson (a dangerous mob boss) and Jake.2. Jacob owes Anson a large sum of money to pay him back for saving Lexi, so Jake and Anson made a deal: Jake works for Anson as a bodyguard in order to pay him back.3. Anson knows there is something wrong with Jake, because he witnessed Jake kill some of the kidnappers with his bare hands.Enjoy.Prelude(AN: For those who read NEP... this is Chapter 12. There will be new material starting at Chapter 1.)If someone had told me when I woke up this morning that I would never have to step foot in my back-stabbing cousin's kitchen ever again I would have smacked them for being in my bedroom without my permission.Yet, I found myself riding a shuttle from Port Angeles up the I-5 toward SeaTac Airport. It had been years since I had been to the big city, since before Dad died. The city air blew through the open window above me reminding me of the huge weight lifted off my shoulders. I was free of Sam's pack which meant no more bon fires, no more pack meetings at their house, and biggest of all was that no one would be able to force me into going to their wedding.After all, my new alpha owes me big time.I can't believe that my new alpha had completely forgotten about his imprint, too blinded by Bella Swan. He was dead set on being there for that bloodsucker lover so much so that he forgot that he had made this deal with Anson. He forgotten all about the whole Seattle thing. Once I reminded him of his predicament, I can remember how his face paled when her name rolled off my tongue.If Jacob could still the same man obsessed with Bella Swan, then imprinting doesn't take away your free will it never did the guys just used it as an excuse for their lovesick actions. All the things that Paul, Jared, and Sam did for their imprints was of their own free will. They were just a bunch of fools.Which made me so glad that I wouldn't have to deal with any of that shit anymore.I willed my bare feet to push me closer toward the boarder. My heart was pounding, not only at the pace I was pushing in my human form, but the idea of being able to leave the hell I currently was trapped in. I ran slower in my human form, but everyone was phased in and I couldn't risk them finding out my plans. They would be able to hear my thoughts and someone would be sent to intercept immediately.I panted as my lungs burned and my thighs ached. I had a feeling like there was someone following behind me, which made me push faster. I wasn't at the boarder yet, and I certainly was not going to give up this once in a lifetime opportunity without a fight.A wave of relief passed over my entire body once I crossed the imaginary line that marked the difference between leech territory and ours. After patrolling constantly for the past couple months, I knew exactly where it was. The scent of my brothers previous patrol trails faded and I coughed at the increasing scent of the bloodsuckers. I wasn't going to stop running until I reached the Cullen's.It was almost noon now, Jacob had broken off more than four hours ago after Sam and some of the others agreed to an immediate attack on the Cullens. Sam's plan of a surprise attack would fail with Jacob's forewarning though, so it was called off temporarily. After Jake's split, there was almost an unbearable hour of arguing in wolf form about what should be done. I had to keep my thoughts of leaving out of my head and decided on arguing in favor of an attack to keep people suspicions off of me. Seth had made it difficult, though, spending most of his time arguing with me in favor of the Cullens.I couldn't take any more of the six other bickering thoughts, so I announced that I was going back to my house to eat lunch. My breakfast had been interrupted by several howls from Jared. In human form, Seth followed me back home and annoyingly continued to argue. Thankfully, I was able to eat in silence. Sam had told the rest of the pack to meet back at Emily's after a small break to finish whatever we were doing before the whole fiasco. Thankfully, it hadn't been an order. So I slipped out of the house without Seth's knowledge.Ahead of me, I could see the clearing in the trees before the Cullen mansion. I sighed in relief as I began to slow down to catch my breath, now my nose and lungs burned from breathing in the overpowering stench of bloodsucker.A twig snapped behind me. I spun around with a gasp to see Jacob's large russet wolf snarl at me as he advanced slowly. Was it me or had he grown half-a-foot since this morning? I shook that thought from my head. "Don't worry, Jake, I'm not here for your precious leeches." I grumbled as I crossed my arms defensively.He snarled again baring his teeth, which made him look more like an angry Chihuahua than anything else."I can't understand wolf, Jacob," I scoffed, "So phase back."He literally followed out my request and phased on the spot, standing naked in front of me. My nose scrunched up in disgust as I averted my eyes. I heard some ruffling of clothes, which made me glad that he was putting on some pants."What are you doing here, Leah?" he barked. "It's obvious, isn't it?" I snapped back, "I want to help, Jake. I want to be in your pack.""Why?" He scowled at me, "You don't even like the Cullens and I know you certainly don't like me.""It's the better option." I mumbled toward the groundnot wanting to go into the specifics. You would think after being in my head for the past couple months that he would understand that I hated being around my ex.He scoffed, "Go back, Leah," he pointed back to the reservation."Is that an order?" I asked with my right eyebrow arched."No!" Jacob shouted. I knew he hated the idea of taking away someone's free will. That was why we had both agreed on how messed up imprinting wasBut now I know better."Face it, Jake, you need me.""I don't "I cut him off, "How do you expect to help the Cullens by yourself?" I asked, "What about Lexi?"I watched the blood drain from his face."Shit!" Jacob shouted as he ran both his hands through his hair. He paced in front of me, obviously agitated by the current situation. He picked up a rather large rock and threw it angrily between the trees toward the grey sky above us. How did that help anything? Why do guys always throw shit when they're angry?"Calm down, Jake." I shook my head and scoffed."What the fuck am I supposed to do, Leah!" he exclaimed, "I'm supposed to be in Seattle tonight!"I wanted to say 'Ask yourself who's more important', but I kept my mouth shut. I'm not sure I wanted to know the answer. What if he chose Bella?"I'll go." I blurted out."What?" Jake's eyes got as wide as saucers."I'll go to Seattle." I repeated, "That way you can stay here.""Why?" He asked.What a stupid question. Jeez, he is so dense."Because you have that thing with your imprint," I explained to him, "Quil told me all about it on patrol.""No, I mean, why are you doing this for me?" he asked, incredulous."I need this, Jake." I explained, "I need to be in your pack. I need to get away from Sam and move on with my life."He was silent as he thought over what I just told him. His brows furrowed as he stared intensely at the moss covered soil under our bare feet."Fine, but be careful, Leah." He warned like he actually cared, "You have no idea what Anson is like."Even though I was wearing a suit that belonged to the blonde vamp, I haven't been this happy in over a year. The itchy feeling from wearing actual clothesinstead of basketball shorts or cheap cotton dressescouldn't bring my spirits down.Once I arrived at the airport, I hailed a taxi, which I would have to pay for with some of the money the bloodsuckers gave me. Jake had told the leeches that I had to go to Seattle today. They offered for me to take one of their cars, but I refused. There was no way I was going to deal with the leeches' stench in a tiny vehicle for the long drive to Seattle, the clothes were bad enough. I had run in wolf form to Port Angeles with the clothes in a plastic baggy. I changed in the covering of the trees and walked in stiletto heels to the shuttle's station. I can't believe Jake convinced me to wear this shit. I can't imagine how Blondie felt about it. I didn't even want to think about how expensive this outfit was.At almost five o'clock, I arrived at the address Jake had given me. The shuttle had left at one o'clock, but took a little over three hours because of all the stops it made.The cab drove up to metal gate and stopped. I paid the driver and got out with the small bag that I didn't see why I needed, except that it held my cotton dress to change back into if I needed. I walked up to the gate and noticed the panel with a keypad on it. I pressed the 'speaker' button with vigor, but didn't bother to say anything. The gate buzzed a couple seconds later and slowly swung open. I walked down the long driveway in my stupid heels.Even though I had seen his memories of Anson's mansion, I was still surprised by how incredibly large it was. I walked past the manicured bushes and perfect lawn and reached a large fountain in the center of the circle driveway. The mansion's walls were made with tan stucco, which made it look like it belonged in a warmer climate. I stepped up onto the first large steps before the large front door opened up and two well-dressed men came out."Who are you?" One spoke with a deep voice.I looked him over with a critical eye. Beneath the suit, I could tell that he was very well built, but being human, I could easily take him out. I felt my ego swell as he openly checked me out. After being constantly treated like just another one of the guys in the pack, I have to admit that it was nice to be appreciated by a good-looking man."I'm a friend of Jake's, he was here yesterday." I stated, "I need to talk to Anson.""Ah, I thought I heard my name." I heard a voice shout from inside the house as the man I recognized from Jake's memory came through the front door. He had a bit of stubble growing on his chin, but other than that he looked the same."Now, what can I do for you, Miss?" He asked as he shoved his hands into his suit pockets."I came as a favor for Jake." I shrugged, "I need to fill in for him tonight.""Is that so?" He raised his eyebrows and let out a gravely chuckle.By his tone I knew that he was not happy."Well you can tell Jake that if I don't see his ungrateful ass on these steps by tomorrow night, he can kiss our deal goodbye." He shouted as his face turned beet red.I felt a wave of dread, but refused to show it on my face. I didn't want to ruin things for Jake, he would never forgive me."You don't think I can do the job?" I asked, hotly, as I cocked my eyebrow.He barked out a laugh, "Oh, sweetheart," he chuckled, "I know you can't. Jake's going to be working for me as a bodyguard. I've seen what he's capable of singlehandedly." He paused to laugh at me again, "What do you weigh? A buck thirty? A buck forty?"The guards joined him in laughter.I smirked at them, "What do I have to do to prove myself?"They stopped laughing when they saw the confidence in my expression."I don't want to see a pretty face like yours ruined, sweetheart." He pouted for effect.I bit back a laugh at this. If only they knew."Don't worry 'bout me." I smirked as I tilted my head cockily.I waited as Anson mulled over my request.I knew what he had seen when Jake pretty much slaughtered those men in the abandoned building where the disgusting maggots were holding his imprint. I didn't have to hold back here. I had to impress Anson to save the imprint and Jake."Fine." He agreed and immediately motioned his men to attack.I didn't wait. I dropped my bag before I bolted toward the guard closest to me. He threw a punch, which I didn't even bother to block or dodge. I'll admit that I felt it, but the pain it brought was only an annoyance, whereas I heard the bones break in his hand as his fist connected with my face. Before he was able to cry out I wrapped my fingers around his throat and lifted him completely off his feet with one hand. I held him off the ground as he thrashed and kicked the air, choking and scratching at my hand on his throat.I smirked at the second guard and Anson, who were just standing there with dumbfounded expressions as I held the 200 pound man off the ground. He started to lose consciousness, so I chucked him at the second guard, who quickly got out of the way.The second guard was a little more strategic after watching his comrade get his ass handed to him.My next victim pulled out a handgun. I knew that getting shot would hurt like a bitch, so I tried to get to him as fast as possible. As I ran I could see that he was tensing up, so I crouched down right in time because the gun fired. I lunged from my crouch, resulting in me barreling into the man. However, I knew a human would get seriously injured if I didn't cushion the fall. I hugged him tightly and gripped the back of his head with my right hand just before we fell onto the pavement. I was right to protect his head because the back of my hand stung like a bitch as the skin scraped off against the rough surface of the driveway.Disoriented from the fall, I ripped the gun from his hand, but flinched as I accidentally broke his finger, which had been on the trigger.He cried out in pain and clutched his hand as I stood back up aiming his own firearm at him as I backed up towards Anson."Well, shit." Anson exclaimed, flabbergasted."So, can I fill in?" I asked seriously.Tell me what you think.Just so you guys know. I am a college student who graduates in May. Thank you. It's been tough, but understand that finals are coming up. So updates will be chaotic until June.
