Aliyah is the sweet, shy and smart new girl... Paul is the temperamental, hot headed, and daring jerk. Two opposites; what will happen when Paul imprints? Will they fall in love? Fight? Will Aliyah even approve of Paul? (Set after Breaking Dawn.)Please give it a read I'm rubbish at summaries.Aliyah is pronounced; A-leah, A-li-ya, Al-e-aCHAPTER ONE: FRESH STARTToday is my first day at a new school. I'm worried, I didn't fit in, in my old school and I didn't start in the middle of a year back there. I'm the girl who you would probably label as call 'nerd'. I find it hard to make friends; I'm incredibly shy and since I'm smart people tend to think I'm just a teachers pet. My glasses don't help add to the whole 'nerd' situation either. So yes there you have it; I'm a nerd with no friends. A loner. A loser.My parents and I moved from our comfy home in London to the small town of La Push just a few weeks ago and as much as I'm glad for a fresh start I'm nervous here will be worse than before. In my old school I did get bullied a lot and that's why we moved, my parents wanted me to have a better childhood ad they put it. I still think it was a bit of an extravagant move moving to a completely different country. I'd lived in England with my parents my entire life but they seemed to think it was best for a proper fresh start. I'm determined to fit in here but at the same time I'm not going to change who I am. So what if I like to read? If I enjoy the peace and quiet of the library? Or if I get straight A's?"Bye Mum- I mean Mom." I say as I head out the door. I hear her laugh as I close the door behind me. She had offered to walk me to school but I was going to have trouble fitting in as it was. I was not about to commit total social suicide. I was nervous. The first thing that made me nervous was in America they had no school uniform and after an hour of trying to pick what to wear I'd settled for a pair of skinny jeans and a tank top with a cardigan. I had my backpack stocked with books and I'd left my jet black hair in its usual straight style.I knew the way to the school since it was literally a five minute walk from our house. I wish the walk was longer so I had more time to think but before I knew it 'La Push High School' was right in front of me. It wasn't very big but it was still big enough for me to get lost inside. Most of the kids who went here were Quileute so I would stick out like a sore thumb. Their tan copper skin was the opposite of my pale English shade, even from a distance you would know I wasn't from here. I took a deep breath and headed into the main office.The receptionist looked kind. One look at me and she said. "You must me the new girl, Aliyah Jackson?""Yes, am I in the right place?"She smiled at me kindly "What an adorable accent, English right?" I nodded "Yes you're in the right place. Here's your schedule. Come to me if you have any issues.""Thank you." I said taking the schedule and heading off to try and find homeroom.I'm lost and I'm late. I've never been late for anything before. I'm, always organised and early. Why did I have to get lost? The bell went five minutes ago and I still have absolutely no idea where I am. This place is like a maze, I wish I had a map or something.After another ten minutes of walking I luckily bump into a teacher who points me in the right direction. When I get to homeroom, as expected everyone stares."Are you Miss Jackson?" The teacher asks. She doesn't look to angry since she knows it's my first day but I still feel bad about being late."Yes ma'am." I reply tucking a loose strand of hair behind my ear."Take a seat anywhere." She tells me turning back to whatever she was looking at on her desk. There are only three spare seats. Two near the back and one right at the front. Normal I like to hide at the back but since the surrounding seats are a group of rather big boys who all seem to friends I opt for the seat at the front. I take a seat and quickly pull out my books focusing on the work, since homeroom has finished and it's now English Lit. Literature is one of my favourite subjects I love to read and write. I've already written a page and a half when another late comer bursts in. He's big like the boys sat at the back and he looks as though he's full of anger and never smiles."Paul Lahote! I'm sick of you being late. Once more and I'll have you writing out lines, understand?" The teacher lectures him.He just glares at her. "Can I sit?""Don't speak to me with such disrespect.""Whatever, sorry." He's not sorry and we all know it.The teacher seems to know it's the best she's going to get though so just instructs him to "sit."He heads to the back of the room and sits with the other tough looking boys. Paul is the scariest of them all. I think they must be on steroids or something because no normal seventeen year olds are that big and muscled. Luckily as he walks past he doesn't notice me. I continue with my work as before forgetting the interruption to the lesson."Very good." The teacher praises looking at my work. "You read this before?""Yes, Miss.""Well done. I wish others would work as hard as this. " She says in a louder voice hinting at the other students.Cough "nerd" cough I hear I student behind me say. I guess it isn't going to be that different here after all.Next lesson is algebra. Which goes by quickly. Afterwards I head up to the library to spend my break since I've made zero friends and have no-one to hang around with. My first day wasn't going too well. First I was late, then labelled nerd and now I'm alone. I hate that people think its okay to bully me just because I'm smart I can't help that I know the answers."hey." I look up from the book I'm reading tucked away in the corner of the library to see a girl standing over me with a smile on her face. She was tall and slim with the Quileute skin and dark hair which was in a long braid down her back.I smile at her. "Hey.""I'm Beatrice. I know it's a totally stupid name but I was named by my nana. Just call me Bea.""Hi, I'm Aliyah but you can call me Leah or Ali."She grinned taking a seat next to me. "You're english? Sweet.""Yeah we moved here a few weeks ago.""I've lived here my entire life! It's not very interesting here.""Something interesting must happen." I felt like talking to her was easy and I wasn't quite so shy as I usually was."Well there is the 'protectors.' They're this group of boys. Every now and again someone will miss a few weeks of school and then when they come back they look as though they're been on steroids and start hanging around with the others. They call themselves 'the protectors' whatever that means.""I think I know who you're talking about. There is a bunch of big scary looking boys in my homeroom. I think I caught the names of a few, Paul, Embry, Jacob?" I say uncertainly as to whether or not it's the same group."Yes that's them. Anyway what are you reading.""Shakespeare." I look down slightly she'll probably hate me like the others now thinking I'm a big fat nerd."I love Shakespeare! He's my favourite."I had made a friend. Bea sat with me at lunch and I found out she was in a few of my lessons too. Today I'd be able to go home and tell my parents I made a friend without lying to them. Maybe this was the fresh start I needed after all. All I wanted was one good friend and it looked like I had found that already. I was starting to like La Push a lot more.The rest of the week went by in a blur. School is bearable now I have a friend. Sure, some kids still make fun, I got tripped in the hall the other day and there was a rude note on my locker but now I have someone else to deal with it with. Bea's had the same teasing her whole life and is glad to have a friend. She's actually really cool; I just wish people would leave us alone. At least we hadn't had any trouble from that big group of boys I would be terrified. Bea and I spent our lunch and break hidden in the library where no-one else was around and after school we would hang out together.I loved to go to the beach here or in the woods that surrounded it. Everything was so calm and peaceful here. Life may not be perfect but it sure didn't suck as much as it used it. I now had a little happiness. My parents have noticed it too and are glad we moved, I am too.well, what did you think? Let me know. Please, please review I've already written the first four chapters so will update fairly quickly to begin with :) 
