Sam's POVNormality, we've finally achieved it. Just a peaceful existence with my three closest friends. Paul, Embry, Bells and I have finally achieved what we set out to do, Peace.Let me start over.Six years ago, the four of us finally set out to live far, far away from our four vindictive, manipulative, lying exes. Emily day by fucking day was making my life a living hell. The same happened with Paul, Embry and Bells. Rachel sucked every ounce of happiness from Paul, Leah just ran over Embry's easy going personality, and finally Jacob just treated Bella no better than a fucking dog.I started a chain reaction; because when I finally figured out I had enoughI left her. Paul left Rachel, and Embry left Leah. Now Bellathat was harder than anything. We had to sneak her out of the house because you never knew what polar side was prevailing with Jacob. She was so broken, it took us so long to put her back together. But the moment we took off not saying a word to anyone; we just drove.Well we ended up in a small town in southeastern Oklahoma. Talihina. The locals are half Native and mainly half white. We love it here. It's home.Present TimeI was sitting in our little library. Our house wasn't anything special, just built to our specifications. Six rooms; four bedrooms, each with their own bathroom, a study and a huge ass den. Now this didn't include the Living room and Kitchen which were made to keep us all sated. The kitchen was Bella's domain, we dared to never venture in there when she was in a cooking mode. Bella owned a caf downtown called Bena's Caf. We all worked it when we could. We saved for two years and finally had enough money to get the material's to build our house on top of the mountain.The best thing was designing our own rooms for once. My room for example was made up with every shade of green you could think of. It made me remember the lush foliage that was La Push. It was like remembering the best part of my home.Paul's room was made up of every shade of blue you could imagine. He said it was a reminder that we now lived in a place where the sun and blue skies were now a part of our every day life, even in the winters.Embry's room reflected him in different rich earth tones. His personality of being warm was what made you know that all the browns and dark greens reminded you of being in the forest of home. Welcoming and Inviting.Then we have Bella's room. Bella's room was eclectic to say the least, mainly because every piece of furniture in her room clashed and did not flow well. But it was her. That's all you could say.Now back to what I was sayingoh yes...I was sitting in our library reading when Paul decided now would be a great time to announce his presence. Which was not the best time considering I was leaning back on two legs of the chair and the moment he spoke it caught me off guard and I was sent falling backwards."Get your shit." Paul said looking down at me with a smirk on his face."Excuse me?" I asked getting up from my spot on the floor."I said, 'Get your shit.' Now that we have reestablished that. Get your shit so we can head out to the bar." He said as he turned around and walked on out of the library leaving me gaping. Damn."I don' wanna go to the bar tonight." I said whining."Tough titty, cuz. We go'n out tonight." He said his southern twang hitting me like a slap in the face. That was one of the major changes to the four of us. We adopted the southern slang and accent after the first year here. It was also at that moment that Bells and Em decided it was time to hurry me along."Get dressed, Cuz. We got some drinkin' a head of us." Bells said and I groaned."Fine. I'll be down in a jip." I said as I ran up to my room to change out of my comfy clothes to something more nice lookin pair of jeans.Paul's POVI was ready to drink, because well, it was Friday night and none of us had work tomorrow. When we moved here we lucked out, the CNHSA was hiring for four positions in housekeeping. The first six months were killer and we lived in low rent housin' in Belvins, but it got better when we all transferred out.Bells went to the votech that was there and got certified for the IT department, I got transferred toSecurity along with Sam. Embry, well, he ended up in HR.We were happy with our choices, but tonight was a drinkin' kinda night. When we finally got to the bar we were happy. Bells and Em went to get the first rounds for the four of us as Sam and I took to the pool tables. We played for a while and then the challenges started. I knew a lot of the natives here now. There were four major Native families in that lived in this town. The biggest would be the Meltons, who thoguth they were tough shit; The James, they were kin to the Melton's; The Ludlows, they were significantly smaller, but still a major family; Then the Watson's, They were decent folks, a little nutty at times, but what family isn't? It was this family that we had gotten to know real well.Always inviting us over for dinner. Their Matriarch, Ms. Linda, was only about 68, but looked way younger. They were quiet and kept to themselves, but could be rambunctious or wild; they knew the true value of family.We've gotten close to them and drank with the elders some. They told stories of their youth and their legends.I had gotten close to a member of their family. Her name? Nicole Watson. She was skeptical when Junior had first invited us, but she laughed and spoke her mind. She knew exactly what I need and wasn't afraid to put me in my place. Not ever was there a moment of silence in their homes, Just laughter and I loved it.Embry had gotten close to Nic's cousin, Elaine or Ellie. They were really close. Sam had gotten pretty cozy with their eldest cousin Lynn. Those two made me think I had best step up to my girl before someone else does.Bells didn't warm up to any of them like the way we have, but she did have a lot of friends and admirers. But the best feeling of it all? They welcomed us like family."Yo, Paul! How ya been brother?" Asked Nic's little brother Marshall as I turned away from the pool table to give him a man-hug.He and He and his baby mama seemed to be in town."Marsh, Jamie. Been good how bout ya'll?" I asked as she smiled and shook her head."Good, Hey man, best be watchin' for that bulldog Taylor. He been sniffin' roun' my sis lately. Don' need that asshole botherin' her." Marsh said as I nodded.Bells walked up and smiled. "Marsh, Jamie. Hey guys."Marshall pulled her into a hug. "Hey Bells, it's good ta see ya.""Watch out for Taylor guys, we're go'n git. I dun had too much Ishko." Marsh laughed as Jamie rolled her eyes playfully."Come to the ranch guys. We're havin' a barbeque tomorrow." Jamie said her city accent prominent. Marshall had been born and raised down here, so his accent came out full force when he was drunk. It was a funny thing to witness. Now my girl is straight country and I wouldn't change her for anything.Speaking of my girl she showed up about two hours later at last call while I was now thoroughly intoxicated. Nicole walked up to me and I leaned against her. I hadn't seen her or heard from her in four days. There was something different about her, but I couldn't place it. I noticed Bells, Sam and Embry were following us into the woods with Lynn, Ellie and Troy, the girls' cousin. I didn't really seem to care because I was too drunk to comprehend anything else.After a while of walkin' we came to a stop. I turned to look at thm and froze. My darling girl was staring at me and her eyes were a different colorred? Shaking my head to push back my drunkenness did nothing to help. She smiled sadly and spoke only two words."Forgive us." She said as she jumped up to me and kissed my neck and I let out a moan as at that moment I felt her bite into my neck. I sobered up immediately as a feeling of fire started to run through my veins.. I let out a high pitched scream of agony as I fell backwards and shook in convulsions. I faintly heard the others screaming as well.Nicole's POV"Are you sure this was the best idea, Nic?" Lynn asked worriedly as she stared down at Sam."Yes. They are our mates, just stay next to them. I know this was sudden, I know this is hurting you, because it's hurting me, but do you want to lose your mate?" I asked gently stroking my Paul's cheek softly. I looked over at them and they shook their heads."Well, my jobs been done. I am heading home to my mate. Love you girls and be safe. Marshall and the others already know about what happened. It'll be alright." Troy said as I nodded and looked to Lynn and Ellie.After he left we watched in helplessness as our mates and their sister change. Soon enough their voices actually die a little as I use my power to pull away their pain. I smelt a scent that wasn't familiar and pulled my cousin's arms. We backed up to the treeline and I motioned to Lynn as she cloaked us with a physical shield to make us invisible. The moment she did a Tall, muscular, very handsome, blonde cowboy vamp burst into the clearing. He looked down at our mates and looked around everywhere. His eyes scanned over us and I waited on bated breath to see if her cloak would hold. I turned to see the look of concentration on her face."What the fuck?" he muttered to himself as he moved slowly from to the others. He squatted close to Bells and the same look Lynn, Ellie and I had flashed across his face. Bella was his mate.Peter's POVI was on my way back from my house in Texas when I heard screams of agony coming from a clearing not from where I stood. I hurried to the spot to see four people changing. I walke dove rto them and scanned the tree line to see if their creators were here.i slowly squatted by the lone female and her scent hit me. My Mate! I finally found my mate! I was elated for a moment before I heard one of the men clench his teeth. I noticed that he had a tattoo on his left wrist and then saw that they all had the same tattoo. I was about to be merciful and kill the men as they shouldn't have to go through all this pain. I walked up to the first man and squatted down and picked up his head and froze. Growling was coming from behind me.I turned quickly to see three beautiful native women standing before me. "I would suggest, Cowboy, you do not touch our mates." The middle one said looking pissed off."I was just going to be merciful and put him out of his misery." I said confidently."I know. But it would be best not to touch them. They are in enough pain." She said as she soothing ly ran a hand down the first one's arm. Surprisingly he slowed his screams the moment she touched his skin. "His name is Paul Lathote and he, cowboy, is my mate."The other two ran to their mates and cooed softly to them. "His name is Sam Uley and is mine." Said the shorter one that was on the middle one's right."This is Embry Call, and he is mine." The smallest one of them said. She reminded him of Jasper's wife in size, but not in the personality wise."The woman there is Bella Swan. She is their closest friend, more of a sister, really. Our lives were cut short four days ago. We were given a second chance thanks to our cousin Troy. That, Cowboy, is the other scent that is out here with us. My name is Nicole, these two are my cousins. The one beside Sam is Lynn and the other is Ellie. Now if you would be so kind, Cowboy, what is your name?" She asked and I was completely cut off guard. Four days ago?"My name is Peter Whitlock. And can I just ask how the three of you are so damn calm considering you're just newborns yourselves? Added to the fact that you just had enough control to change three men?" I asked confounded and confused."Lynn is a mental shield and physical shield, she can make it seem as though we disappear. Ellie can tamper anyone's bloodlust. I can carry the emotions of others and change them at will." She said looking me over."Maybe we should move them to a more comfortable place?" I ask and they nod.A few minutes later we carry our mates into an old abandoned barn. I turn to them and ask. "Do you mind if I call for extra help?" At their nods I smiled and pulled out my phone.I dialed Jasper's number and waited. "What's up fucker?" Jasper asks with his favorite moniker for me."Dick." I say chuckiling. " I need help. I've got four changing newborns with me. I need your help." I said in a rush."Say no more. I'm on my way." He said as I hear him running toward wherever he's going. "Where you at?""In Oklahoma, small town called Talihina, we're about fifteen miles out. Just follow my scent and you'll find us." I said as he agreed and hung up.I dialed the next number and held my breath on the wait."Pete? What's up sug? And who you got screamin?" Charlotte asked.I told her the same as Jasper and sighed in relief as she said she and Garrett were on their way.I turned around to see Nicole, Lynn and Ellie whispering to their mates. I smiled slightly, these women surely did love these men. But now to deal with my mate. I had a mate. I'd never dreamt of the day would come, but it did. And I was fucking elated.All we could do now was to wait for them to wake up. And waitwe did.Don't own anything. Just wanted to say this thoughI actually have a plan for this story lol. Can't believe it myself the others are to b updated soonbut this one will be every other Sunday. Thank You. I hope you love.
