Tragedy seems to be following Bella, in fact it is staring her in the face. Many changes happen rapidly and she is happy to just come out of it with some sanity. With change comes growth, but how can you grow when thrown in the deep end? Not to mention the looming event on the horizon and the brooding bronzed haired boy who feels completely responsible for it all. AU. ExB.The Little Things"If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve." - Lao TzuChapter one"If there is anything else we can do for you Isabella, please don't hesitate to ask." Mrs. Webber said, taking her young twin sons hands. She began departing down the steps of my fathers home, tugging the little boys hands as she went. The slightly shorter one - Timothy I think she said his name was - waved goodbye while the taller one with the thick rimmed glasses and considerably lighter hair just smiled at me.I smiled half heartedly in return to the boys, focusing all my energy on not cringing at the name their mother just gave me. I had only told her a good five times to call me Bella. I guess that's what Charlie would refer to me as to the town...Waving at the little boys as they skipped to the car, I nodded to their mother. Oh, the carelessness of youth had them happily jumping in when she opened the bright red - too bright for this dreary town - minivan door for them. "Thank you, I'll keep that in mind ma'am. Drive safely." I really meant it.Everyone in this town had been so lovely to me ever since I got here two days earlier. I had tried to seem grateful and for the most part I was, but being in this tiny town for the first time in almost four years had me feeling slightly suffocated.Everyone was falling over themselves to help anyway they could and I held my best, most reassuring smile and nodded as people came in and out of my fathers home to welcome me, but the only thing I could think of was Charlie and what my job was here.I was here to lay my father to rest.Charlie had been killed on the road on the previous Monday night; He was driving back to work after only being home a few minutes, he had apparently forgotten his casework and skidded once the ever present rain was turning into untrustworthy snow as the night grew frigid in it's coldness. It was nothing new for him though, I'm sure he had done the same thing a million times before...Staring up at the afternoon sky, I frowned. This weather my father loved so much was the very thing that killed him, and I couldn't just forgive that. The clouds were grey and positively aching in anticipation to cover the town once again in the depressing fall of water.At least it matched my mood, though it wasn't as if I saw it as some kind of sign from the gods...It was Forks, therefore it was inevitable. End of story.One final glare at the veil of grey that covered up my view of the beautiful sun, I sighed. I shut the old, chipped paint, wooden door and leant against the back of it. I held off the tears around people, to them I was the chief's pride and joy that had been so carelessly taking away from him by my childish mother, they saw me once a year and somehow felt like I was an extension of my childhood self.But I wasn't the child they all remembered, it had been years since they had last saw me, I didn't understand how they still saw the little girl that would make her father hold her hands in public to keep them warm. No longer did I go running to the nearest adult in held back tears when I would trip over a rock, no longer did I cower behind my parents legs when they introduced to a stranger.I had grown immensely in my four years away, I felt almost like a different person entirely now, I took care of my mother and had given myself responsibilities that no child could handle. But I also hadn't cried in a while...I was too preoccupied presently to deal with my own emotional state, I had to cater to everyone else's right now.I had a simple childhood for the most part, and I could never dwell on the fact that my parents had gotten divorced. Over fifty percent of marriages in America had the same unfortunate fate and I was happy just to have two healthy, loving parents to call my own.It never even crossed my mind to blame my mother for leaving my father when I was an infant, yes it hurt me greatly to see my father never move on but my mother did what was right for her own sanity at the time. She had been suffering from depression for several months before she left Charlie, at first they thought it was just the baby blues after having me but it only got worse as the town grew heavy in it's smothering...I could relate.Charlie was an easy man to be around, and he seemed happy to just have me near. I made the decision at fourteen to move our time together to California, I loved my father dearly, but Forks would have given me the same fate as my mother with time, I was sure of it. He didn't mind or course, booking the same hotel every year for us in San Francisco.If I regretted nothing else in my life, my last would be that I missed so many opportunities to be around him. I selfishly let my distaste for his hometown literally cloud my resolve in being near him more often. It's Charlie, he'll always be there...I had been incredibly naive.I went to the kitchen and opened up the fridge, too tired from the full day of receiving condolences and organizing a funeral to bother cooking myself dinner. Thankfully a nice lady - Mrs. Cope was how she introduced herself to me - had graciously sent her husband over with what looked like a chicken and broccoli casserole, knowing that my day would be occupied. Mr. Cope was a retired Police officer himself and had worked with my dad for years before retiring.Serving myself up a portion before putting it in the microwave, I set my pathetic table for one, even pouring myself a tall glass of Almond milk. I had taken a moment out of my mourning the first afternoon I had gotten here to purchase the essentials I would need for most of the duration of my stay, Charlie was never the best cook and I didn't want to rely on the kindness of near strangers to keep my stomach full.Tomorrow was the big day, and I wanted nothing more than to get into my rental car and drive the hell away.I wasn't ready to say goodbye to my father...Renee and I were sitting on the ground of our small living room, using the painted blue coffee table as a dining setting. We were eating Chinese and discussing Phil's schedule for the next month; A usual topic for us of late."He'll be leaving L.A in two days, but he'll only be back a little over a week before heading to Florida." My mother sighed, playing with her chopsticks.This wasn't unusual for Phil, his job as a minor league baseball player had him in cities all across America. Renee stayed with me, even after I said I'd be fine on my own...That was an argument I wasn't going to repeat any time soon.We chit-chatted for a little while longer, and I attempted to put her mind off of Phil by mentioning school. I was always a good student and had people to sit with in class and during lunch, but I was happy being ignored by most of the student body."You've had at least one class with her every year since elementary school and she didn't know your name?!" Mom exclaimed, her hands gesturing wildly like a toddler having a tantrum. I nodded. "What do you expect? We never talk..." Lauren was a horrible excuse for a girl, she was an overly tanned atrocity with hair that was paler than my skin and dressed like a stripper with a good pay-check. She walked around in heels so tall, she towered over everyone - including the guys and wore makeup like a craigslist hooker. My mother had always called me beautiful, but I didn't see it myself. I was of average height, my bottom lip was larger than the top slightly and my hair and eyebrows were in complete contrast to my virtually colorless skin - The only time you ever saw color on me was when I wore it...Or when embarrassed. I suppose I could be pretty, in a city that didn't believe beauty was about the color on your skin and having legs longer than your memory capability one might consider me so. I had always taken great pride in my skincare regime and in taking care of my hair, but in Phoenix I was a simple plain Jane to anyone that believed they mattered. But I was okay with that, I wasn't exactly what you would call 'gregarious'.The phone began ringing as I was putting the leftovers in the fridge. "I'll get it!" Renee yelled from the other room, I continued without thought.A whimper arose in the living room. Did she stub her toe again? I closed the fridge and put the glasses we had drank our coke out of in the sink. "Bella?" My mothers voice stuttered from the other room.Something was wrong, I knew that much. I paced to the living room. "Is everything-" She was on her knees, tears clouding her youthful blue eyes.I was by her side as fast as my legs could take me. Was it Phil? Was he alright?"Mom?" I asked, putting my hand on her shoulder as I knelt down next to her. I heard my own voice wavering as my worry for her grew.She broke out of whatever reverie she was in. "Honey..." The word was barely recognisable under the tightness of her throat.I nodded for her to continue. "Is it Phil?..." I was so confused.She shook her head, un-fallen tears making their way down her face finally. "Charlie." She didn't mean...Did she? This wasn't a simple injury, or even a heart attack. I could see it in my mothers face just what had happened, she didn't need to say anything.My father was dead.I shook my head just as she had, only with a more jarring edge to it. "No." I choked out.My mother nodded. "I'm so sorry baby." She pulled me in for a hug, but I didn't feel it. I didn't feel anything, I didn't even realize that my head was still shaking from side to side until I had made myself dizzy.~/~/~/~I was wrapped up in a quilt my mother had knitted during a provisional DIY phase she had gone through several months back, it wasn't cold in Phoenix but the chill I felt was present nonetheless. I hadn't spoken since she told me what had happened; A car accident, icy road. It felt like there were no tears left in me and my eyes were wide, but they focused on nothing. I saw nothing.Renee sat down beside me, her arm wrapped itself over my slumped shoulder. "How are you honey?"Empty, regretful, heartbroken. "I'm okay, I guess." I shrugged."I'll book us a flight to Seattle tonight, we'll leave in the morning." What?"Huh?" I turned my head to her in confusion. Why would she be coming? She looked at me, sweeping a lock of hair behind my ear. "I'm coming with you silly." Don't get me wrong, she would be hurting right now too - they were married for a time - but I wasn't sure if this was the right thing for her to do. I wanted to protect her from the hurt and whatever the town and the memories with it would bring.Somehow, I managed to convinced her to stay here, I don't think she really wanted to go anyway. She barely made it through her mothers funeral and it would only be harder for me if she were there...I was selfish.The beep of the microwave sprung me out of my thoughts, I shook my head free of them and got up. Smelling the food had me realizing that I hadn't eaten since breakfast, and even then it was just a small bowl of cheerios.I ate down the generous meal in silence, not allowing myself to fall back into my previous train of thought. Instead I daydreamed about running away from everything, being free from worry and grieving and loss. But I knew that couldn't happen, after the funeral I would be back in Phoenix, I would put on a smile and tell my friends I was fine. Fake it 'till you make it, right?By the time the dishes were done, I was ready for bed, too tired to read or watch T.V for a while. I washed my face, moisturized my skin and brushed my hair and teeth before flopping into my small bed.I didn't remember falling asleep, nor did I dream, all I remember is being cold despite having more than my fair share of blankets on.The process of getting ready this morning had my anxiety building, I was thankful that I had pulled my outfit out of my suitcase the day before so I let myself fall into the shower to warm myself up. The heat did help to ease the tension in my shoulders but it did nothing to ease the stress in my mind.My outfit was simple, a black lace dress that flared down from the waist and hit almost at the knee, the neckline modestly sat just under my collarbone and the sleeves were short. I paired it with a grey trench coat and simple black flats. After some deliberation, I slipped on some opaque tights for added warmth. I was going for conservative but pretty.Once two eggs were scrambled and put on toast with cheese, my stomach felt full enough to face the day. My hair was naturally straight so all I needed to do was blow-dry it, and I applied a little natural lip-gloss to my lips before curling my long lashes. I wasn't a type to cover my face with product but this was my daily routine. I wanted to trick my body into thinking that this was like any other normal day.I slipped on a pair of earrings that my mother thought she was being sneaky in putting into my suitcase before putting my breakfast plates in the sink - I could do them later.Giving myself a once over in the mirror by the front door, I grabbed my purse and keys, locking up as I left.I had the radio on as I drove, attempting to keep my mind off of everything but it was fuzzy and annoyed me which brought on my anxiety once more.Thankfully Charlie had a lot of great friends that wanted to speak their pieces at the funeral and the local minister Mr. Webber kept the service on the shorter side, which I was grateful for. My dad was truly a loved and well respected person to all who knew him, and it only broke my heart more as I heard the magnitude of the affect he had on those around him."Now to conclude, may you all bow your heads in a silent prayer for our dear departed friend." I was thankful once again, my head felt heavy and bowing it felt more like it was dropping or about to fall off my shoulders.The silence in those few moments were deafening, I tried to pray - I honestly did - but my head was full of cotton wool. I hadn't cried during the service, I hadn't cried since that first time and I could feel myself on the edge. "Just a little longer, Bella." I told myself, the sound virtually not heard by my own ears."Now, to let myself be less formal for a moment." Mr. Webber paused for a moment, staring at his hands on the podium. "Charlie was a good man - The very best in fact - It didn't matter the problem, if you needed help he was there. His heart was full of pure love for this town and the one thing he loved even more fiercely was his beautiful daughter, Isabella."He gestured to me, I didn't need to turn to know that all eyes were on me in that moment. I was shivering again, trying to hold my muscles in place and trying even harder not to fly out the door and never return. "Keep it together, Bella." I whispered to myself once more, only letting my mouth move slightly.Mr. Webber continued. "His spirit will be forever in the form of this beautiful young girl, he will be remembered-"I couldn't hear any more of this. I was loosing it and needed to be away, I stood and hurried myself down the aisle not caring at all for the stares as I fled. My eyes grew more red as I walked, and I slowed to a stumble once I was out of sight.My knees buckled under the weight and the sobbing began, I cried for the life my father lost, I cried for what I missed, and I cried for what he will miss of me. Graduation. College. Marriage. Children. Things I had not even considered yet, things people take for granted everyday would now drift past without him, the smell of driftwood and mint would fade from his home with time, from my memory.Sue found me a few moments later, she was one of the only ones I felt comfortable around, she babysat me as a child.She let me take a moment to collect myself before helping me stand, my legs shaking. We returned and I kept my head down, I should have realized the scene I had made and I instantly felt embarrassed.Halfway down the aisle I lifted my head, and it was as if everything turned to slow motion.My eyes caught sight of a boy, he would have been about my age or maybe slightly older. His hair was a wild mane of bronze and his skin was a ghostly white, even more so than mine. But it wasn't these that caught my attention; it was his eyes. They were black, they looked confused and almost frustrated. Had my departure offended people? Did I not have a right to my grief?The boy was looking directly at me, not at all wavering. But his expression switched as I passed him with Sue, Disgust? It couldn't be. Hunger? He looked healthy enough, despite the dark rings around his eyes. But his eyes looked as if he hadn't eaten in weeks. I turned my head sharply and sat down, focusing on the situation. There was also no mistaking his beauty, but I couldn't think of such things right now.The service finished and the wake was held in a warm, small area of the church. People came up to me and expressed their condolences, asking me how I was. I got tired of saying 'fine' but I didn't know what else would be fitting.I was currently talking to a small group of kids my age, Angela was Mr. and Mrs. Webber's oldest child, she was nice and didn't feel the need to intrude into my personal feelings.The other girl, Jessica was not as courteous."Are you okay?""This must be so hard for you.""You must be just dying."Really? Someone should have put a muzzle on this girl, Thankfully the blonde guy she was making goo-goo eyes at shut her up, though he did wink at me as they left. Small towns create crazy people just the same as bigger ones do."I'm sorry about her." Angela smiled sadly. "She doesn't seem to get the concept of too much, she never has." She shrugged at her friend.I smiled at her, she had been very sweet to me since I got here, rolling her eyes when her mother would call me Isabella. I let her go back to her friends and I had other people to thank for coming.It was nice to see so many people that cared for my father in one room, it warmed my heart to know that one half of me was a stable, honest, reliable source to come to for assistance. My mother lacked in this field, her young mind had her floating from one hobby to the next which brought on more friends than she could handle."So it was great talking to Charlie's little girl but we gotta pick up our kids from school now." A balding man with a beer belly and his meek looking wife with slightly greying hair smiled as they were leaving.I smiled in politeness. "You too." I waved lightly as they walked away. "...Whoever the heck you are." I added to myself quietly, keeping the false smile as tight as I could.I heard a chuckle behind me and instinctively turned to the noise, it was a brick of a guy that the voice came from. He was at least 6'4 and had arms bigger than most people's thighs. His hair was as least as dark as mine and his skin was as pale as the boy I saw earlier, and even though they were aesthetically very different, I would go to my grave swearing that they had to be related somehow...He was keeping his guard, not watching anyone or anything in particular but he was standing like that of almost a bodyguard. But what was he protecting? I was the only thing near him and he didn't know me from a hole in the ground. I shook my head to myself and turned, I was letting myself get too distracted and I needed to be a good hostess.~/~/~/~I slept horribly that night, it was cold and I had so much more to do before I left Forks on Sunday - Even with the hardest part being over. The blankets felt itchy and the sound of the rain hitting the window and the wind whistling like a hot tea kettle had me feeling unsettled.The next day was a little easier for me, I had to go to the only Law firm in town - If you could even call the tiny place that - to address Charlie's Will, it stated that if he were to die before I turned eighteen that his house would be sold and the money go into savings for my college fund and future life. He didn't have much to give, but he gave it all to me.I had some errands to run before getting back home, I was staying until Sunday and wanted enough food and things to keep me going until then. I took my time, reading labels and the ingredients on the back. I hauled everything into the dark blue rental car that was put in my mothers name and headed home in the dark. I should have gone earlier, I knew this but I was such a careful driver, I knew I wouldn't meet Charlie's same fate.The radio was working a little better and I found that my mind was singing along to the songs I knew as I drove though the words never passed my lips, the highway was empty and trees felt confining in the space to the point that they looked to almost be bending. But I kept my eyes on the road and made turns carefully, though there were few."Oh crap, I forgot the dishes." I muttered to myself, they were my least favorite chore so I had let it go since the funeral, which was only yesterday but I didn't like clutter. My thoughts drifted to the bothersome task ahead of me when I arrived back to the house with frustration.Suddenly a flash of brown flew across the road - a deer I think - and even though any Drivers Ed teacher or manual would say not to, I couldn't help but swerve away. Bad idea.I wasn't sure what I hit, though my money was on one of those trees I was complaining about earlier. Karma is an annoying mistress of meanness. Pain seized my body and my head became unclear very quickly. My nebulous mind heard voices, that was silly. I was the only one here a few moments ago, there was no one driving on the road behind me...How long had it been? Count Bella.1234...3? Did I say that already?456778? Ten is not far away Bella, keep going.Try to move Bella. I did, nothing happened. Just your arm. Nothing. Your finger? Nada.Was I dead? I didn't think so, it hurt so much but my tired body wouldn't obey my orders for it to move. My consciousness was slipping and my mind continued to play tricks on me."Edward, hold your breath." A saintly voice rang loudly. I heard it clear as day, was there an angel in heaven named Edward? What reason would he have to hold his breath?I must have lost consciousness for a moment fully, the conversation was broken and patchy."Carlisle." His voice calmed me for some reason, it was rich and had an edge to it in the moment, But it's clarity and smoothness sung out to me like a celestial harp. Celestial harp? You really are delusional, Bella..."Carlisle, you need to. No, I can't. Please, it may be selfish but if you don't I'll kill her. No. I'm not strong en-Please!" The breaks had me confused, I'd been knocked unconscious before but it had never been like this. The missing pieces of the conversation were so close between each other.I felt myself being lifted up into the air. "You take care of the car." The slightly calmer voice said. Was he going to fix it? Crap, it was a rental...My mom was going to kill me.The air around me came fast, what little wind I had left at this point was knocked out as a moving force built. Like the pressure of wind on your face during a roller-coaster."We'll take care of you Isabella, I give you my word." Was the man holding me? The younger voice was gone now. Were we moving? Where were we going?I changed my mind, it wasn't like a roller-coaster. The movement reminded me of riding my bike as a kid down a steep hill, wind in my hair, no concept of falling to make me slow down.I never did get to clean those dishes in the sink...This story has been on my mind for a while, and I like where my mind is wanting it to go :) What do you think? Songs I listened to during this chapter were; 'The Scientist' by Coldplay and 'You Are My Sunshine' by Johnny Cash. I'm going to incorporate songs throughout this fic to help give you guys a feel for the story through the writer's eyes.
