This story has been edited to meet the terms of service for this website. Their strict terms of service/rules have forced this author to censor her own writing. I apologize for any inconvenience and highly recommend that if you want the story in its entirety you will have to view it from The Writers Coffee Shoporfictionpad dot com/author/RobsHandMonkey/storiesif that address doesn't post then just go to fictionpad dot com and search for the authorRobshandmonkeyStephenie Meyer owns Edward and Anthony and all things Twilight.Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise.No copyright infringement is intended.First and foremost this story is written for a friend who planted a little seed that knows exactly what it is like to submit her heart and soul to an Dominant, and Officer and a gentlemen.MrsAuburn Cullen this my love, is for you.Thank you my beloved LostIn Pa who took the time out to dot all my I's and cross all my T's while making me look like I know what I am doing.And a heartfelt thank you to Chandrakanta FanFiction for the awesome job she did on the Banner for this story and in such a short amount of time!A Dominant & A GentlemanBy: RobsHandMonkeyChapter 1Shit-HotWarrant Officer Edward Anthony Cullen~My eyes couldn't stop from veering off course in her direction if they tried.The moment we stepped into his office they went directly to her. How could they not?In my lifetime as an officer for the US Marines I have seen carnage that would turn one's stomach. Lives lost of my brothers who have fallen to war, gunfire, shed blood, suffered from burned flesh, and worse...succumbed to death. It was a rare moment when something came out of it that was good.The moment my eyes landed on the brown tendrils that lay like a river of chocolate over her bare shoulders, the profile of what had to be the most young looking innocent face, I actually felt my heart rate increase.The little white tank top, outlining the most perfect breasts I had ever seen stood at full attention just as Anthony, my twin brother standing beside me did. I have no doubt he noticed the girl.I bring my eyes back to the wall lined with flags in front of us, coming to an abrupt stop at the desk to salute the man who sits behind it.They have to be related."Bella, we can talk about this later. I have work to attend to as you can see, now if you will excuse us, you are dismissed.""I am not one of your officers Daddy. This is important and if you dismiss me again like one, I am going to swing that sword you have hanging over your fireplace upside your jar shaped head!" She turns in a huff and storms out. It takes every ounce of control I have not to watch those white little shorts I can see in my peripheral as she passes by me.I fight back a chuckle hearing the loud slam of the door that she must have thrown behind her.I keep my eyes forward."At ease."I place my hands behind my back and widen my stance with both boots strategically placed to hold our traditional stance."I apologize for my daughters rudeness. She has more fire in her than any girl should.""No problem Sir." Anthony relaxes into the same stance I now held. My brother is so much more casual than myself. Thinking back to the girl, I am a little stunned... she managed to capture my attention at all.The question that was eating at me now was...did she capture his as well?Warrant Officer Anthony Edward Cullen~Stopping at the desk of the Chief, it took all I had to not look at the beautiful girl that stood next to his desk. Catching just a momentary glance I could tell she was stunning.My brother surely had to have noticed as well, I wonder if he managed to keep his eyes focused on the officer's wall in front of us, standing straight, tall, and at attention.I had no doubt he didn't falter like I almost had. Edward always manages to show me up in just about everything.We both salute Lieutenant Swan who sits behind the biggest mahogany desk I have ever seen. The sheen of lacquer on it is highly polished and also captures my attention in my peripheral vision."Bella, we can talk about this later. I have work to attend to as you can see, now if you will excuse us, you are dismissed.""I am not one of your officers Daddy. This is important and if you dismiss me again like one, I am going to swing that sword you have hanging over your fireplace upside your jar shaped head!"I couldn't stop the small smirk that lifted my upper lip.Feisty.She has a fire in her. This feeling was something new.Then she turns around storming out of the room in all fire hurry, slamming the door behind her.I hear the Lieutenant sigh and I want desperately to glance over at my brother to get an idea of what he is thinking but I don't."Well Gentlemen, you can both relax. I am not that much of a hard ass."Edward speaks, it shouldn't surprise me when he just blurts out the shit that comes out of his mouth. My twin brother has always been a cocky son of a bitch."Not according to your daughter Sir."My eyes widen, turning to look at him. "EDWARD!" I lose my own composure, instinctively smacking his chest hard with the back of my hand.He coughs out a "What?" rubbing the spot I just hit him. I turn to look back at the Lieutenant who has a composed look, but a small smirk on his upper lip."At ease men." he chuckles. "I have heard about the twins from fellow Officers. You two seem to live up to your reputations." he has a sparkle in his eye."I apologize for my brother's smart ass mouth Lieutenant. Some days he just can't seem to control himself."It pisses me off that it seems like I am always apologizing for Edward's smart ass mouth at the inappropriate times, per usual he snarls at me once again for it."Don't fucking apologize for me! I am not a little fucking kid! Knock that shit off!"We now stand there glaring at one another, forgetting for the moment where we are."Ahem, Gentlemen.""Sorry Sir." we both answer simultaneously turning our attention back to him."Down to business."He stands up, walking around his desk and leans up against it."Have a seat.""No thank you Sir." we both answer simultaneously."As you were." he nods as he continues on."As you are aware, any Commissioned Officer in the Marine Corps may be called at any time for special assignment to the President of the United States. This is your notification that, although only one of you will be needed for this assignment and honor, you will both be competing for the assignment. That is all I can tell you for the moment, you will be contacted individually to set up interviews for the new post.""Yes Sir." We both state simultaneously just like we have done a thousand times before. We have been lucky enough in this life, always managing to end up stationed together.That is about to change with this new found news we have just been given. One of us, whichever it is will be going away to work directly with the President, while the other will be staying behind on the base to continue.A separation like this, will be a first for us.I look down over at the desk as the Lieutenant prattles on the scant details about the job that he can share at the time, but my eyes hone in on her photos that line another table behind his, and in front of the line of flags.It reminds me of a shrine. The progression of her life from when she was little, up until what looks to be very recent professional photo shoot of her. Daddy is clearly proud of his daughter.I have never heard of the name Bella before, but I know one thing for sure, she is beautiful, and there is no way that Edward couldn't have noticed as well.I almost cringe at the thought of him hooking up with her. Edward and I may be twins, but we are nothing alike when it comes to our private lives. We always seem to have the same taste in girls and have had quite a parade of them through the years. Neither of us have found some one we could settle down with and raise a family, something I would like very much. While I am always trying to find the girl I want to spend my life with, Edward wants to remain free to do whoever he chooses.My father believes we are destined to forever be boys who like their women and their toys. He doesn't think we will ever grow up.There is one difference between us that has always fascinated me. Edward prefers brunettes, where as I really have no preference. Hair color doesn't matter, so long as she has a personality and likes to have fun, then I don't see the sense in limiting myself to just one specific color.Vicky, a red head, was the wildest woman I have ever dated, proving the adage that red heads were in fact fiery women. She could also be a colossal bitch, and in the end we went our separate ways, and I was once again single. It was true what they say about blondes. They really do have more fun and I tried to convince Edward of that many times when it came down to meeting Tanya and Irina. He wasn't at all happy about being paired up with Tanya. I got shit for that for months after, hence another thing that makes us different.Edward's sexual preferences are of the deviant sort. I will never forget the day I found out my brother was a Dominant. He lives a lifestyle I cannot begin to understand and apparently Tanya took the challenge to be his submissive one night, which is how I found out about his dirty little secret.My idiot brother introduced her to a room that looks like something out of a horror movie, not having a submissive bone in her body, she apparently decided to turn the paddle he used on her ass, after he tied her down on his head the minute he set her free. He sported a black eye for a week after. I never heard the end of it from all three of them.I don't see what he gets out of it, or the women for that matter, but who am I to judge. I just don't like the idea of a girl that looks like Bella being in his playroom. My God Lieutenant Swan would stand him up in front of a goddamn firing squad if Edward so much as thought about hooking up with her.It was then I was brought back to the conversation at hand when the phone buzzed interrupting the Lieutenant's speech.We were both dismissed, when he had to take the call, heading out the door where as soon as we were out of earshot, Edward started in and all my thoughts in there are confirmed.He did notice her. Fuck! "Man did you see her? Fuck little bro, did she not look a fallen angel all dressed in white and soft looking as she stood there smarting off with that hot little mouth of hers at Daddy who just happens to be a fucking Lieutenant! That scene was beyond hot, damn near made my cock hard! Fuck she would have been bent over my knee in a fucking minute for that shit if she ever spoke to me like that!"I look over at him as we make our way down the hall and stop to turn and face him not caring who is around."I am positive we are not related!" I snap.He throws his head back and laughs. "Keep telling yourself that brother! Have you looked in a mirror lately?" He shakes his head chuckling. The longer I stand here the angrier I get, finally storming off to leave him standing there alone.Bella Swan~"I mean come on! If your father doesn't show up to your graduation...""Stop Bree! I don't want to think about it right now.""Bella, he has to know how important this is!""I told you, I already spoke to him about it. He promised he would be there, would you drop it?""I can tell you right now, it is written all over your face. You don't think he is going to show do you?" She pushes."I didn't say that." I snap at her, because as much as I hate to admit it, she is right. I don't really know for sure if he will show up to the ceremony or not. His job has always been his priority, well, that and sports on the flat screen.Growing up with a father in the military was never easy. He is a high ranking Officer that has responsibilities to not only his superiors, but to the entire United States as well. I have always understood why work always comes first.He did the only thing he thought was right for me. He knew he couldn't raise me alone after my mother turned both our worlds upside down.Renee abandoned us when I was only 5 years old.One day she just decided she didn't want to live the life of a military wife and without a word, she packed everything she could carry, then walked out the front door, never looking back.We never heard from her again. No phone calls, no forwarding address, nothing. She simply vanished.Charlie had no idea how to take care of a little girl, so naturally he did what any man would do if left with a kid.He dropped me off at his mothers, then went back to the base.Gram raised me until I was 15, when she got very ill and was hospitalized for a week. She passed away shortly after that and Charlie had no choice but to finish the job.I have lived in three other states before he was stationed my last year of high school in California.I have Gram to thank for the money she saved for me, making sure I attended college. It was not enough to go to a prestigious college, but was plenty to get me through a community college.I graduate in less than two weeks and I drove all the way down to Camp Pendleton where Charlie is still stationed to make sure he knows how important this is to me and that I really want him to be there.Having finished my finals I believe I have done well having little doubt that I won't pass. Every course that was required I managed to ace.I am anxious to get my AA degree with a certificate of achievement as a sign language interpreter just as soon as our finals are graded.Mr. Kelly has already assured me that he has no doubt that I will graduate with honors. He is a dear friend and my mentor, and the thought of not having my father show up, would not only hurt, but I would die of embarrassment, because Mr. Kelly is looking forward to meeting my father who just so happens to be a Lieutenant for the United State Marine Corp.Bree, my best friend and roommate is the only one who understands how often I have been let down by my father. She has supported me through the many disappoints.His excuse was valid having to be clear across the world for some duty or another. I have grown used to this, but this...this is something I really want him to share with me, to witness my accomplishment and to make him proud of me.I will just have to hope he keeps his promise and wait and see. Robshandmonkey~ 2013Chapter End Notes: