Hi Everyone... This is my first story ever, and I hope you like it. When I thought of the idea of the story, I had a difficult time contemplating where to start it. I'm finally past that problem and ready with a chapter. I promise the next chapter will be up soon. Keep, reading, reviewing, cause I love to see your love for the story and for me.WARNING:CONTAINS ADULT CONTENT. RATED M FOR CURSING, VIOLENCE AND LEMONS. DO NOT READ IF YOU ARE BELOW 18. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.Also, I'd appreciate it if you don't duplicate or translate this story. Thank you so much to Project Team Beta. And to my betas kitchmill and itlnbrt. You both really helped me improve this chapter. 1. Surprise"I can't believe your truck is out-of-order again," Jacob said, looking at the truck."I can't believe it either. Maybe I should just sell this piece of junk. Not that anyone would buy it," I replied staring at Jacob working on my truck.I didn't hate my truck. In fact, when I was in college, I used to love my truck. But now, it was getting tiresome to ask Jacob to repair it again and again for me.Jacob and I had been best friends since we met in college. We were just friends. We both knew after a month of dating that it wasn't our cup of tea. And since then, we have had an even stronger relationship."Bells, you can't be serious. You'd sell a classic 1956 Chevy?" he said, horrified."Exactly, Jacob, this crap has been living for a really long time. And now it's about time we prepare for its funeral," I replied, a little excitement lingering in my voice."Yeah, maybe you are right," he said, disappointed. And then suddenly he perked up a little. "Oh, we should so find you a car later. Maybe a Camaro." Then he went into a dream world of cars.I never understood why he became a police officer when he loved cars so much. He could have been engineering a new car for the world now.But I also knew there was a reason, a personal one, for him getting into the force and I somehow knew that it wasn't something he liked to discuss, even with his best friend, so I never broached it.I started moving my hand in front of his face to bring him out of his daze of cars, which worked. He startled a little and then corrected himself on his chair."Anyway, forget the cars and truck and come on in. I have some coffee and cupcakes for you." I knew if something could bring him out of his reverie of cars, it would be food. As expected, he perked up and followed me inside."So what's going on with you, Chief Jacob?" I loved to tease him, and that annoyed him. He had probably told me a million times now to not call him Chief because he wasn't one yet. But I know it was his dream.As expected, he made an annoyed face, then grabbed a cupcake and took a bite. That smoothed his features again. That man was crazy. No matter what the situation, he could always pack some food in himself."Not much. Same old, same old. Oh, we have a new investigating officer on our team. We are kind of suspicious of a bombing taking place soon," he said in a confident voice.Bombing? My eyes grew wide, and of course I had a mini panic attack inside.Jacob noticed. He started calming me in his own way. "Oh, chill, babe. It's not like someone's going to bomb up your house. We're gonna find him or them, whoever is involved. This might be a big break for me.""Yeah, of course. So tell me about this officer. How did he find out about the bombing?"He paused to swallow the remainder of the last cupcake and then lifted his head up to me. "Well, actually it's not a he but a she." My eyes widened again and he laughed. "I know, right? I was shocked too. Anyway, her name's Leah Clearwater and she said she found a threat message on her answering machine. Scary, right?"This didn't help me to calm down my inner panic at all. Jacob could do everything, but he could never stop me from panicking. He continued ignoring my little scare attack."She is ballsy, though. She said that message just signed his or their warrant and they will rot behind the bars for the rest of their lives. She is so cool, right? I just stared at her with my mouth hanging open for ten minutes after she said that. Did I mention she's sexy too? She packs one hot body, and when she is in that suit of hers, God, I just want to grab her and""Jacob," I yelled, interrupting him before he could fill my brain with puke-inducing images."So, I can assume you have the hots for her?" I said, finding it cute when he blushed a little in return."It's not just that. She as a whole person has affected me. She's an ice bitch and commands like she's hell's devil, which is hot, by the way. But she's brave and gutsy and determined," he said it all in one breath."Boy, you are in trouble. You are a goner, sweetie. You should totally ask her out.""I know. But every time I step forward to say something to her, I lose my nerve.""You're telling me that the epic smooth talker, cocky, Jacob Black is afraid to ask a girl out? You're kidding."I started chuckling, which became flat-out laughing."Come on, Bells, give me some credit. She is scary. She's very scary."I tried to stop laughing, which was futile. I finally calmed down enough to speak clearly."Okay, let's try this. You ask her out but like an outing instead of a date. We all can go to our bar and have some drinks. And that way I can get to know her. How does that sound?"He perked up immediately, jumped from his chair and kissed my cheek. "Bells, you are genius. What would I do without you?""Rot in your house alone with no food?""Okay, enough joking. But I'm serious. That's a great plan. I'll ask her. But just to warn you, she really is a bitch. I mean she is hard on the outside, but I know she's a softy inside. So you should"He was interrupted by his phone. He spoke only three minutes, only saying "yeah" and "uh-huh." When he finally ended the call, I sighed. I knew something was up and I hated that he risked his life every day like this. But I also knew he loved his job, so I never said anything. But let's face it, New York wasn't the best place to be a cop."I gotta" he started saying.I interrupted him before he could say anything further. "You gotta go. I know. Just please be careful, okay?" I pleaded with my eyes."Careful is my middle name." When he saw that it didn't convince me, his face softened and he sighed."I know, Bells. I'll return home in one piece. I promise." He kissed my cheek again and started towards the door."Love you," he yelled while walking out of the door."Love you too," I hollered back. Then he was gone.The summers were the hardest time for me as I had pretty much nothing to do. I was an English literature professor at NYU, so during vacations, I usually cooked to fill in time.I was just putting cookies in the oven when my phone buzzed with a message. I ran to retrieve it to see a text from an unknown number. What I read in it shocked me and scared me. It said:I know you're free now. So meet me at the Starbucks near your office. I'll be waiting. I dropped the phone in my hand and it crashed loudly on the floor. I knew I should have called Jacob, but it was like something was telling me not to. My dad, Charlie, who was police chief of my hometown Forks, always said, "Follow your gut. It's never wrong."So I didn't call Jacob. I grabbed the pepper spray my dad had given me and started toward the door.My thoughts kept going back to the text as I walked on the sidewalk. Who could it be? It was really scary to know that some stranger had my phone number and could also get hold of my address if he so needed. It felt like hours when I finally saw the Starbucks sign. I held my pepper spray tightly as I neared the shop.A hooded figure was standing there with his arms crossed across his chest. When he saw me, he immediately started moving toward me. I became ready to spring the spray at him, but when he removed his hood, I gasped and dropped it.So, here it is. The Chapter 1. Who do you think the hooded figure is? I don't think it's much of a surprise. So review and tell me who do you think the mystery guy is. Keep reading and give your love...Those who don't know, I also have this story on TWCS and my penname is TheBlueScarf. I also have a blog, if you want to follow it.Blog: rosescaressblog . wordpress . comJust remove the spaces. And I have a new story posted. It's called Love is Faith. Please check it out.Also, I've recently joined twitter. So if you'd like, you can also follow me on twitter at sunandmoon424.~SunAndMoon42
