Sooo, I've been playing around with this story idea for a long time now, and I've finally decided to get it down in writing. So far I've written seven chapters, so uploads should be fairly frequent until I run out of pre-written stuff, then I'll have to get my ass into gear and keep up with myself. So I hope you guys like this story, please favourite and review so I can know if someone out there is reading. :)WARNING! Please read! This story contains rape scenes, depression and self-harm! Also, eventual boy on boy action, so if any of that is not your cup of tea, please find another tea party.Disclaimer: If I owned the rights to Twilight, I'd be able to afford a new phone, but as my currant one is dying, it seems that is not the case. Draw your own conclusions.Enjoy!Chapter oneJPOV"Jazz, come on! Move your ass, we're gonna be late!"A swift slap to the back of my head broke my concentration. Pulling my mind away from the impending storm clouds brewing outside, I glared at Edward and proceeded to follow him down the hallway."Ouch, by the way, asshole.""You'll get over it, and anyway, what was I supposed to do? You were thinking about being off with the fairies, prancing around in La-La Land again." Edward stopped at his locker to swap whatever books he was carrying to whatever books he needed, doing the same at my neighbouring locker, I glared at him again."I was not prancing. I was thinking. I realise it may be a foreign concept to you Eddie, but it does happen." We continued down the hallway toward our English class."I never said you were prancing, I said that you were thinking about prancing. So thank you very muchly for proving my point." The fucker narrowly avoided having his stupid smirk smacked off his stupid head by sidestepping me in to the classroom.Taking my usual seat on the far corner of the room by the window, Edward sat at the desk next to mine and preceded to tell me what colour my tutu would be when I got to 'live out my fantasy of prancing with the fairies'. Only when Mr. Berty walked in the room did he shut up. Sometimes I had to wonder why I put up with him.Because he puts up with you, idiot. Oh, right. "Alright everyone, stop talking and take out your books." Mr. Berty turned to the black board and wrote 'To Kill a Mockingbird' in big letters. There was a collective sigh and groans from half the class that most likely hadn't read the book. I, however, had."Okay, who can tell me what the novel is about?"A few hands went up and Mr. Berty ignored most of them, choosing instead to pick on the people that weren't paying attention. Namely Mike Newton."Ah, Mr. Newton, can you answer the question?" Mike visibly squirmed in his seat."Uhh... how to kill a mockingbird?"Dimwit."Ooh, so close! But no, I suggest you go and actually read the book Mr. Newton. How about you Mr. Whitlock, you seem completely enthralled in that window pane, could you shed some light as to what the books main idea is?"Sighing, I answered, "One of the main idea in the book is racism, which is shown by the trial of Tom Robinson who is wrongly accused of raping Mayella Ewell. Even when all the evidence shows that it couldn't have been him, he is convicted anyway.""Yeah what he said," Mike called out across the class."Very well put, Jasper. Nice to see someone actually read the book.""That's what Mike was going to say, Sir, he was just joking." I shook my head as Jessica Stanley, or 'The Great Skankini' as Edward dubbed her, called out to Mr. Berty."Well if Mr. Newton meant to say what Jasper said, maybe next time he should read over a dictionary before answering, then maybe he wouldn't have detention after school."It wasn't a great comeback on Mr. Berty's behalf but the look on Mike and Jessica's face was pretty priceless.The rest of the lesson proceeded on with Mr. Berty explaining the themes and ideas of the book, having read it twice before, I continued staring out the window until a scrunched up ball of paper hit me in the head. Reaching over to grab the ball from the floor, I could almost hear Edward's smirk. Unfolding the paper I read Edward's unmistakable handwriting,Dude, you still up for hanging out after school? Ps, your tutu would be ice blue, I reckon. Matches your eyes. ;)I rolled my eyes and wrote back,Yeah, I was thinking we just hang at my place. I don't really feel like going out. You can stay the night if you want, Emmett won't care. I scrunched the note back up and purposely threw it at Edward's head. He smirked, read the note and nodded just as the end of day bell rang through the classroom. Grabbing our things, Edward and I walked out of the classroom and into the stampede of students all trying to leave school via one hallway.Walking over to Edward's black Volvo, he hit the remote to unlock the doors while muttering the usual "open sesame". The car blinked twice and I opened the passenger door and grabbed my helmet, jacket and gloves and stepped over to my baby. My Mama gave my silver Ducati 848 to me for my sixteenth birthday. Honestly I think she was trying to unconsciously get me to forgive her and move back to Houston. I just wish she would forgive herself, and stop trying to blame my father's actions on her.My parents had always been fairly well off. We weren't rich per se, but we had money for nice things. Edward's family on the other hand had money to spare. They weren't vulgar with the way they used it, but they were always counted on to have the top of the line in pretty much everything. Edward used to tease me when I got my bike that I was "a rich kid at heart" until I pointed out that he lives in a mansion of a house and drives a top of the range Volvo, to which he replied that I was just hiding my money.I gave Edward a two-fingered salute-style wave and told him I'd see him at my place. He started the ignition of his car and I pulled on my helmet and started my bike, taking off out of the school parking lot, weaving around the other students cars and out on to the main road. Looking back at Edward waiting in the line of cars all trying to get out at once I laughed and shook my head. Let's see him tease me about having a bike now. Riding along the sleepy main road of Forks, Washington, my mind drifted. Riding was one of the things that truly made me happy. I always felt in control, I felt free.It didn't take long to get home from school, but I got fairly soaked due to the rain worsening. The one thing I miss the most about Texas is the sun. I stepped on to my porch and closed my eyes. I was taken back to when my siblings and I were little and would spend every weekend outside in our tree house or running around playing chasey or just being kids, with our parents watching from the porch swing, their arms around each other.Stop it, Jasper. I mentally chastised myself for thinking like that. I lived in Washington now, that's just the way it is.I unlocked the door, dumped my keys in the bowl by the door and went upstairs to grab some clothes to change into. After grabbing a pair of my favourite grey sweats and a hoodie, I went into my connecting bathroom to change. Stripping off my wet clothes and putting them in the hamper I turned to look in the mirror. Starting from the top I assessed myself. My blonde curls were slightly damp from walking to the door after taking my helmet off as they hung in my face. My eyes, a striking blue just like my mother's, looked tired and weary as I stared myself down in the mirror. Not wanting to, I glanced down at my chest, hoping beyond reason that my scars might have disappeared, been washed away with the rain. Letting out a breath I didn't realise I was holding I raised my hand to ghost over the longest of the gnashed scars that ran down from my peck almost to my bellybutton, the others shorter, but just as painful to wear."Jazz, are you okay?" I realised I hadn't closed my door as I saw Edward's reflection in the mirror behind me, his face lined with worry."Yeah, I'm fine," Pulling my hoodie on over my head, I walked out of my bathroom, sat down on my bed and lent against the headboard, closing my eyes. I felt the bed dip as Edward sat down across from me."Seriously, Jazz. What's up? You've been kinda off all day." I had to admit, he was right. Sighing, I opened my eyes and looked anywhere but at Edward. I felt a hand on my knee and turned to look at my best friend."How 'bout some pizza and a movie? Come on, I'll even let you pick. Maybe." He got off the bed and held a hand out to me. I took it, letting him help me up, and followed him downstairs, where he picked up the phone to place our usual order of pizza. When that was done, I sat cross-legged on the couch and let Edward lose on my DVD collection. I knew I wouldn't really get a choice in what we watched, but Edward kept asking my opinion anyway, as though he was actually going to let me choose. Watching him mutter to himself about how Shrek should have ended after the second one, I wondered if this almost over bearing trait ran in the Cullen family, because his younger sister Alice definitely had it. That girl could go non-stop for hours. I asked her one day if she was on crack, she just giggled and changed the subject."Okay, so I've narrowed it down to Easy A, because Emma Stone is a goddess and Penn Badgley is shirtless, or Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire because Dan Radcliffe and Robert Pattinson are just beautiful and 'cause well its Harry Potter." He turned to me grinning, as he held up both movies."Dude, you are almost too gay to function.""Hey, don't quote Mean Girls and call me gay in the same sentence, hypocrite. Now choose!""Why don't we just watch both? We have all night.""Fair point. Badgley it is then."As Edward put the movie on to play, I could help but smile. Since I moved to Forks nearly four years ago Edward has been my closest friend, despite him being out going and loud and me being shy and introverted, he managed to bring me out of my shell. Edward is the only person I've told my biggest secret to, and I was the first one he came out to. I remember he was so worried I would reject him and tell everyone he was a 'fag'. When he told me his fears, I was hurt at first that he would think I would do that, but I got to thinking that his fears of rejection were more or less my own.Edward went to the kitchen and came back with two cans of coke, and plonked himself down next to me. After taking a long, much needed drink; I got settled in to watch the movie, with Edward quoting the lines next to me. Some people may find it annoying but it's kind of mine and Edward's thing to learn all the words form a movie and quote it as we watching. Halfway through the movie my phone buzzed that I had I text. As I leant over to read it, the doorbell rang and Edward jumped up, pausing the movie yelling "pizza!" I laughed and watched him run out of the room. I stopped smiling when I read the message on my phone.Hey Jazz, I know I said I would be home tonight, but I got caught at work again. I'm really sorry buddy, I'll be home tomorrow, I swear. Don't you and Eddie get up to anything. -Em I sighed. That's three nights in a row he's said that now, I thought as Edward came back with the pizza."What happened?""Emmett won't be home again tonight. He's working on some big project or something. It's the third night he's promised he'd be home.""Dude, that sucks. But you know he's not doing it on purpose. I'm sure he misses his little bro too.""I know. It's just sucks majorly. I barely ever get to see him lately.""Drown your troubles in coke and pizza my friend, that's what I do." He smirked and handed me the box."True that."Edward settled back into the movie as I tried my hardest not to think about anything but the images on the screen and the pizza in my hand.
