Chapter 1: The New KidsRenesmee's POV"Renesmee!""Renesmee"I groan in protest as my mom comes into my room screaming my name."Time to get ready for school!""Mom I'm up, no need to scream anymore" I said."Just making sure you make it to school on time" she said."Mom I have had a near perfect attendance since first grade, I've never gotten a grade lower than a B, and I've never missed a day of work at the dog pound" I respond"Okay, you make a good point. Now get ready" she said.I got up just after she left and starting picking out my clothes for the day.I may seem like a normal kid, but I am far from that. I'm a kid with no past. I just woke up in a hospital one day with no idea who I was. That's when I met the family that would adopt me my mom, my dad, and my then four year old sister Sarah.The doctors had told me that I had been run over and badly injured. Luckily I recovered with no complications, except I still have this ugly scar running across my forehead as a souvenir of the event I can't remember.I couldn't even remember my own name. The only object I had to identify me was a bracelet that said Renesmee C. No one new my real age or DOB either, but I must have been about 5 years old.It wasn't until I was 15 years old that my mom and dad told me the truth; they were the ones that had run me over. They say I had run into the middle of the street looking completely panicked, and they tried to avoid me, but they couldn't.The authorities tried to locate my family, but it seems like they had disappeared from the state of Hawaii."Renesmee breakfast" mom calls me, drawing me out if my thoughts.I look out the window one last time to see the gloomy weather. We live in Oahu Hawaii so usually we get very good weather, but lately it has been gloomy here, and the weatherman says that it will continue to be this gloomy for the next several months."Morning Nessie" my sister Sarah says as I walk into the kitchen and start eating my pancakes.My dog decides to make an appearance as he does every morning. He's a very sweet golden retriever but he loves begging for food."Back off Stan, you begger" I said."Come on Sarah lets go" I said."Coming"I drive into the school parking lot and I see several new cars."They must be the new kids" I said."Yes, they have really nice cars too" said Sarah.The new kids, they have been the talk of the school for the past few weeks.Once we get out of the car and walk into the building I accidentally bump into one of them. He has bronze hair, extremely pale skin, and gold eyes."I'm sorry" I said."Why don't you..." he stops his rude reply when he turns around and sees me. His nostrils flare up as he sniffs something in the air and his eyes go even wider if possible."Nessie. Time for class" Sarah calls.Even though she is a year younger than me she is also a senior in High School like me because she skipped seventh grade.I look back over my shoulder to see the boy whispering to the five other new students.They all had two things in common, pale skin and gold eyes.Please Review
