This is my abbreviated style, I'm estimating that this story will be about 60,000 words long or so. Enjoy! "So when you find yourself locked onto an unpleasant train of thought, heading for the places in your past where the screaming is unbearable, remember there's always madness. Madness is the emergency exit You can just step outside, and close the door on all those dreadful things that happened. You can lock them awayforever." Joker (Alan Moore, Batman: The Killing Joke)(All lack of capitalizations are on purpose) Prologue:JPOVAnd i wanted to be better for her, but she had him- and how was i supposed to compete with him? He could give her everything, while all i could offer Bella was promises, promises of happiness happiness with a broken man.But i still need her especially after being so close, so close. i can't let go, not after that last kiss we shared, that last embraceCh1: RightJPOVI gripped Maria's head tightly against my chest as I watched the rest of her burn. I could feel her gnawing on my hand ferociously, but I didn't care.Pain was only a minor annoyance meant to be endured as often as possible.I could feel her fear, her anger, and most of all her hate.Was her hate directed at me? I was killing her, but I don't know why she'd hate me for that. I mean we all have to die one day, right?RIGHT?right.I held her head up so that she was facing me."Maria! Merry Maria!" I sang to her and she scowled. "Oh! oh no, no, no. Turn that frown upside down!" Merry Maria kept up her temper tantrum so I turned her upside down myself. Much better.I should really keep Fire fed. If she gets hungry she might eat me, and that simply wouldn't do.How was I supposed to be friends with Fire if she ate me? I mean friends don't eat other friends, right?RIGHT?right."Oh, Glarry Merry Maria Fire is hungry. We should feed it. It's the only sensible thing to do." Her fear spiked and I breathed in deeply. Ah, there was that emotion- the one constant friend. Fear's my best friend but I'd never Fire that. Fire is a jealous bitch.I looked around me at the various body parts, both human and vampire.How the sand absorbs all the blood, I'll never know.I mean sand can only go so far.ah! I figured it out. Sand is a vampire. That's why it drinks so much blood. That's so obvious. Why didn't Maria teach me that?"Maria! you're with me, now and forever!" I wrapped her head up in a shirt and put it in a bag before I started tossing bits and pieces of other vampires and humans into Fire.My dear friend Fire hissed in thanks."You're completely and whole heartedly welcome." I said cordially. That's how friends talk to each other, right?RIGHT?right."It's nights like these that really make life worth living, Maria." I said in a content happiness as I tossed the last arm into Fire. Merry Maria's fear was twisting and turning all around. Like a shot bird that was falling to its death from the sky-twisting and turning.I should shoot a bird.So super crazy Jasper at the start. What do you think of this version of him? 
