Chapter One:Just Another PlaceEva HarwoodMy social worker had been speaking non-stop for an hour. I wouldn't be surprised if I had blood coming out of my ears. Currently, she's transporting me to my new foster home. She's probably telling me to "give it a chance" and "try and behave this time". All the things that have been said to me plenty times before. I don't know why they still tried. Every home they took me to was just any other place. Nothing special. I never felt like I belonged. Plus, I was generally left with complete assholes, bitches, and perverts. How would this place be any different?I guess the only difference would be the small town. The La Push Reservation was preserved for Quileutes. So why was I the exception? All because of Samuel Uley and Emily Young. Supposedly, Samuel was some type of guard for the land. Everybody probably thought he would be able to reform me. He'd be just like all the others. After spending some time with me and my rebel persona he would send me back. That's what happens every time.I'm assuming we're near the destination since we passed the 'Welcome to La Push' sign twenty minutes ago. And it's not a big residential area. Sure enough we stopped at a house five minutes later. It wasn't very big, but it wasn't tiny either.The front door opened as I was getting out and out came a petite woman and a very large man. Both had black hair and matching eyes. Samuel's hair was cropped short. Uncommon in these parts. Emily was ecstatic at my arrival. So much so that Sam held onto her shoulders to hold her back. He thought she would scare me by giving me a tackle hug. I wouldn't be scared. Just annoyed. And a little surprised.When people saw me they tended to stick to looking from afar rather than get to know me. My brown hair had strategically placed streaks of green, purple, blue, and red. My ears held a multitude of earrings. My wardrobe consisted of nothing but dark colored cloths. Makeup was something I didn't make gothic or punk like the rest of me. It was simple black eyeliner and mascara. Not too thick either.Going to the truck I grabbed my single suitcase while my social worker greeted the happy couple. Other than my clothes the only other thing I had was my phone. It had taken me a while to save up enough money for it. I kept it in pristine condition.I had no pictures or anything affiliated with friends. Since I didn't have any friends that I hung out with. The only friends I had were online. I know, I know. I shouldn't chat on the internet with people I don't know in chat rooms. But this chat room that I found practically had my name written all over it. One, it was for teenagers like me. Rebels, goths, punks, nerds, emos, and any others deemed different in society. Two, every single one of us had a past. Some type of history or something going on now that was a problem. Problems that made us who we are today. We all connected.Anyways, back to my current predicament, the social worker finished speaking and told them to call if they needed any information or help.She drove away. Leaving me with two new burdens in my life. The couple now took the time to introduce themselves to me. They held out their hands and looked expectant for me to do something in return. I didn't. Samuel still held a light smile on his face while he put his hand down. Emily had the nerve to be hurt by my display of rejection. However, another smile was on her face in a second.They showed me inside the house and told me various things. To be honest I spent most of my time blocking them out. As I did with most foster parents. "Eva, your room is down the hall and to the left. It's the last door." Emily said. She walked into the kitchen saying that she had to get started on the next meal. Samuel asked if I needed anything. I walked towards what would be my room for a little amount of time.I was so used to this routine that I didn't bother unpacking once I got to my new sleeping space. There was nothing extraordinary about the room. It had a desk, a small bed, and light blue walls. There was also a window. It wasn't very large. But it was large enough to sneak into and out of. Something I'd probably be doing a lot of in the future. Though I frowned when I thought of a new predicament. I wasn't near the city. I would spend miles walking in or near the forest and would probably lose my way if there wasn't a trail. I saw that I wouldn't be able to sneak out without a ride. For the first time I was truly confined somewhere.Sam - that's what he told me to call him - knocked a few minutes later. Asking if I wanted anything. I actually answered this time. With a shake of my head. He nodded and walked back to the living room. I'm curious as to how a man his size can actually live in this home without breaking it.Sighing I opened my phone to the chat room and said hello to the few inhabitants.Hey, how are you liking your new home? -thenightmarequeenWhy would she like her new home? -bookwormYou have a point bookworm. So far it's not lookin' so great. I have no means of escape. And, what really annoys the hell out of me, the lady here is ridiculously nice. It's like she's never had a piece of bad news in her life. Bitch. Though the guy isn't a pervert. It's refreshing actually. -insomniacGood for you princess. -scenekingSceneking and I probably had the best relationship. We had been able to meet up once in Seattle. He was actually really sweet to me. Though we spent most of our time being our sarcastic selves and getting into trouble. I always wondered how I was able to share my story with people who I could rarely see. I've never told anyone everything that's ever happened to me. And I won't.Anyways, I'll talk to you guys later. I'm going to check around. See what fun things there are to do in this tiny place. -insomniacWe said our goodbyes and I walked out my bedroom. Emily was still in the kitchen and Sam was watching TV. Why is she doing all the work? Can this man not do anything for himself? Sam noticed me standing in the hall."Hey Eva. Just so you know I'm going to be inviting some co-workers over for dinner tonight. They're all excited to meet you. They tend to stay over a lot so don't be surprised if they're over when I'm not." Great. More company. Maybe I'll be able to grab some food at a diner and stay out for the night. Patting my pockets I felt the few dollars I had left.I started walking to the backdoor. The whole house is surrounded by woods but the main road isn't very far. My hand reached the handle when it was suddenly pulled back. Words escaped before I could stop them."Get your fucking hands off me!" I glared at the man who had the audacity to touch me without permission."Don't go in the woods by yourself." He was stern. I doubt he was effected by my blatant display of dislike.I wanted to say more but I walked back to my room. On the way I could see Emily looking at me from the kitchen. It was a look of pity before looking at Sam like she was going to lecture him. Why would she pity me? I didn't ask for that. I've never asked for that. She shouldn't be looking at me that way. She doesn't know me or my story.Shutting my door my eyes flashed to the window. Without much thought I slowly brought the window up. It didn't utter a noise and I threw myself out while I had the chance. I made sure not to step on any big branches and dead leaves. As long as I didn't make a sound in this mute place I would be fine. Thrill filled me when I made it to the woods without being caught.That's when I started running. I had to get away. Just to make sure I marked every few trees I passed. So I wouldn't get lost on my way back. This was far from being my first time running away. I wasn't permanently running away. All I needed was time to myself. Mainly so I wouldn't have to deal with a craptastic dinner. Of course I wasn't going to stay and meet more people. All they would be were burdens.Eventually I came upon the main road and marked where I should enter the forest when I came back. I saw a sign that said I had two miles to go before I got to Sue's Diner. That'll do.While walking my thoughts drifted back to Sam and Emily. I wondered how long it would take for them to realize that I was gone. I had to admit that my escape was pretty good. They could have super hearing and they wouldn't have been able to hear me as I left. There was an excellent chance I wouldn't be caught missing until the time for dinner. And since this town was practically empty there weren't any cars passing me by. Even as I passed by other homes no one stopped me.Two miles actually went by pretty fast. Before I knew it the sun was starting to set (I had arrived in the afternoon). Although the sky was grey I was able to tell.A bell chimed as I walked into the empty diner. There was a middle-aged lady wiping down the counters. I took the last seat at the end. She was eyeing me the whole time but never said anything. Grabbing the menu from the side I looked for the cheapest item. A plain burger.The woman working came over to me. "Hi, I'm Sue and I'll be your waitress. What would you like to drink? Are you ready to order a meal?""I'll have the plain hamburger and a glass of water. Please." See, I had manners . . . sometimes."Sure thing." She placed the order with the cook and came back to me. "So, you're Eva. I'm Sue Clearwater. Welcome to La Push." She said with a friendly smile. She stuck her hand out. My face must have held a confused expression because she explained how she knew me. "It's a really small town. And Sam and Emily didn't keep it a secret that they were going to be taking care of a child." Sixteen is still considered a child? Technically I was old enough to have my own place. But I don't have enough money to pull something like that. Hence my current predicament.Her hand dropped. She didn't look offended though. Instead it seemed expected. "Don't worry. You don't have to warm up to me. I realize it's hard being the new girl here. Especially when you're from a foster home and everyone here can't stop ogling over a new person. . . You kind of remind me of my daughter, Leah. She isn't too fond of people either. Anyways, I'm going to check on your order."I should've been annoyed. Normally I probably would've snapped and told her to fuck off. But for some reason I couldn't do that to her. She didn't pity me. She didn't fawn over me. She simply stated what was true and how it sucked. Obviously I didn't consider her a friend. All I considered was not being as rude to her as I am to everyone else."Here ya go. And don't worry about the bill. It's on the house." I looked up to her sincere expression. She wasn't doing this because she felt bad for me. It was because I was new and it was her way of welcoming me. Again, no pity. It felt great."Thank you." I meant it. Sue nodded and walked to a door marked 'Employees Only'. The meal wasn't large but it was enough to fill me up. When I was nearly finished Sue came out and asked if I wanted anything else. I said no."Hey, if I'm not mistaken, isn't Sam supposed to be hosting some dinner thing tonight?""Yeah." I may have warmed up to her but that didn't mean I was going to talk a lot. I never really did. Unless I was angry or pissed off."And he just let you go?" I shrugged. Sue grinned and shook her head. "Well, I'll close early tonight and drive you back. I don't want you walking back since it's so dark. How did you even get here in the first place? It's a long walk." I shrugged again. She told me to wait a minute while she closed everything up.Outside she had an SUV and unlocked it. I got in without much thought. It was strange to end up here. This morning all I could think about was getting away from everything and never looking back. Like I do every morning. I envision me being on my own. Going to school and figuring out what I want to do with my life. Getting a job. Living my life the way I want to live it. I never really imagined getting married. And I definitely was not going to have children. I've been alone most of my life. Now I'm so used to it I don't want it any other way. My life is easier when I'm alone. It's less complicated. Someone isn't trying to understand me. No one can anyway. The only one who understands me is me.Sue didn't try and make conversation for the ride back. It seemed she could tell that I wasn't a talker. Instead she turned on the radio and flipped through channels until she found a song she liked. It may have been a long walk but it was a short drive. Soon Sue was parked in the driveway. Sam must've heard the car because he came out right before Sue turned it off. He looked distressed. Through the window I could tell he called out two names but I didn't pay attention to what they were.When I got outside he came up right in my face. "Why the hell did you leave? You shouldn't have been alone! If you needed to go somewhere you should have told me or Emily. One of us would have taken you where ever you wanted to go. Do you realize how dangerous that was?" By now there were plenty of males standing outside. Looking at all the commotion. They were murmuring things to each other.Suddenly, anger hit me full force. Who was he to tell me what to do? He had no right! No one did! Only I could control me! I did what I wanted! All my life people have never wanted me and I took control. Took care of myself. Now that someone else is my guardian (probably not for long) they think they can control my every move? They are so, unbelievably incorrect."You don't own me." I said in low, cold tone. "I have taken care of myself all my life. That is never going to change. If you think you're going to stop me from doing what I want then you have another thing coming. Now move out of my fucking way." Somehow, everyone heard. They were shocked and frozen. Staring at me as if I had grown another head.Sam looked shocked too. As if he never expected me to stand up for myself. Unlike Emily, I don't bow down just because a man tells me to do something. I'm a major feminist in this society where men still think they hold power over every female being. There was only one person who didn't looked unsettled by my outburst. A female amongst a group of males. She had short hair with a toned build. She was tall too. Looked to be around five foot ten. She looked at me like I should be praised for what I did. Her chin was held high and she was observing me.I shouldered past Sam and made my way inside. Conversation started up outside, but I didn't listen. Instead I went to my new sleeping room and slammed the window down. I made a mental note to buy some small curtains the next time I went out. Pacing around I heard heavy footsteps coming back in the house. Then, footsteps coming near my door. I sighed and waited for a voice to come from the hall."Eva?" Who else Emily? "I'm serving dinner now. If you want to come out and grab some. You don't have to eat with us. Just grab some food." Her voice was small. Like she would be hurt if I didn't. "Anyways, if you do decide to eat with us just know we'll be glad to sit with you. Everyone wants to meet you." How did anyone stand this woman? She was far from strong (mentally). And she always needed approval. She finally left when I didn't give her an answer.I planned on spending the rest of the night in my room. But, of course, I still had to do my usual end of the night routine. Use the toilet, shower, brush my teeth, and then lay down. It wasn't very late but I didn't exactly plan on going to sleep instantly. I was going to chat with someone. There was always a couple people on no matter what time of day.It sounded like everyone was done eating since I no longer heard the clinking of utensils. I still heard the bellows of laughter and loud conversations. I grabbed some night clothes.Tiptoeing I managed to get out of my room and to the bathroom without running into a single person. Years of practice helped me to be this silent and swift. I started up the shower. Shutting out everyone's babbling and conversing. I was never one to take long showers. I was in there for ten minutes tops before I got out and dried myself.I changed, removed any remnants of makeup, brushed my colored hair, brushed my teeth, and waited a few more minutes before I made a move to go outside. By now I could tell some people had left. Though most were still here. I settled for looking at myself in the mirror to wait. I was making sure no one planned on coming by. I was also waiting to see if anyone else left.My reflection never showed a lot of emotion. If anything, it was all in my eyes. But most people never looked there long enough to tell what I was feeling. They were too busy looking at everything else on me and they assumed from there that they knew me. Another glance and I turned to the door. As I opened it it was pushed. Another built man stood in my way. I looked up to glare and push him out of the way. But when I looked up at him I couldn't. There was nothing special about his brown eyes. Somehow, though, I was enraptured.
