I do not own anything!Chapter 1My name is Isabella but you can call me Bella, I do not have a second name for it changes wherever I go, I have long brown hair that goes to my wrists, I have chocolate-brown eyes, I'm 5,6 and I'm an Angel, Protector of Shifters and Humans, I help people from all around the world helping them to survive, hunting at night protecting the streets using my powers to bring down the Hunters that prey on blood. My powers are different from other Angels I know which makes me stronger than them, I can control all the elements, make things seem out of nowhere just by clicking my fingers, (e.g. food, clothes, weapons) I can turn invisible but all angels can do that as well as change my scent to a more human one and many more.All Angels have a pair of wings on their back. When there are not out they sink back into are skin and leaves a tattoo on their backs in the same colour as your wings to show what we are to others. Like wolves, are wings are different colours, they show that Angel's aura and their heart, my wings are black with white, red, silver and golden tips on the all the feathers.I am not the only one of my kind who protect people but there are not many, for wars has broken us to live on are own not trusting many, wars against Vampire and Lycans. Lycans are not shifters, shifters are protects of their lands and people, they care, they love, they feel, when in wolf form they are still human just in a different body; Lycans do not feel anything other than lust, they kill for fun, they rape women and children, they kill anything in their way just for blood to feed on, when there in their wolf form they are animals in every sense of the word. Vampire are different, they have powers much like mine but weaker because they only have one, which means they are power-hungry as well as blood thirsty but still difficult to kill like most creatures.I have protected creatures for over 800 years as Angels do not age. Angels don't just protect people we also support and guide shifters when needed through there change into their animal, and teach them about the history of that area pack, some are easier than other, but this one in Washington is one of the hardest for a fellow Angel of mine, that's why he called me because it had got out of control. Apparently one of the Quileute women are showing signs of phasing and she has a terrible past with the Alpha wolf, on Soul Mates, and my fellow Angel has never seen a female change before, (but that's just because he has watched that pack and no others for a long time and doesn't know much) and he is worried that she will create a lot of trouble and tension in the pack and as a friend has asked me to help him, so I shall be moving to Forks, Washington to help.For the humans my story will be that, my name is Isabella Marie Swan, I was born on September 13th, 1987, to Rene and Charlie Swan. My parents divorced when I was only three months old. I moved around a lot with my mother. Rene never spoke about Charlie when I asked so I didn't know anything about him. My mum married a man named Phil and was happy but I was getting in the way and she kicked me out. It took me months to find out about my father but I tracked him down to get to know him.But for the shape shifter we will see how it goes . . .
