I don't own twilight. End of story. Lucky me I do own this plot so All mistakes are mine!Summary: "What's a Tumblr?" I asked. "You don't know about Tumblr?!" I shook my head. "Let me show you..." From that day on, my life did a complete 180If you aren't familiar with Tumblr that's okay because you'll learn and you'll want one. You will become addicted to it. While we're at it if you want to follow Dirty Conversations on Tumblr and you have one, go right ahead at .com I post a wide variety of pics but you have to be 18 or older . Heck we can even chat it up on there and you can submit questions, pictures (you have to be 18 or older) and whatever to me. If you don't have one, make and follow me.-)Chapter 1 There's nothing like the hustle and bustle of New York City. The fresh smell of piss in the air, the pollution from cars and buses, oh and let's not forget the rude ass people on the streets."What the hell?" I shrieked as a balding man in a business suit all but pushed me on to the busy street. "Are you serious? Excuse you?" I shouted and he turned back."Fuck you, sweetheart!""I wouldn't fuck you with the big lady's torch." I pointed to the lady or man dressed as the Statue of Liberty dancing on the side of the side walk.But there's nowhere else I'd rather be. This is my city, it's where I belong.Today was my day off and I was going to meet up with the ladies at our favorite caf. Every day for lunch we would meet at a restaurant of our choosing and talk shit about our bosses. After watching sex and the city we vowed to always meet up for lunch or dinner.My girls have always been there for me. We all met around the same time during college freshmen year. I was rooming with Rosalie and from there she introduced me to Alice and we met Tanya in an English class we all shared. After that we became inseparable.I opened the door to Mae Mae's cafe and saw that the girls were already there."Hey guys!" I sat down and the waiter immediately came to our table."Are you ladies ready to order?" he smiled. "We have a great wine collection would you like to try any?""Well I don't knowhow about you surprise us?" Alice looked at the wine menu, then around the table and we nodded in agreement. He wrote down our orders and left. Alice pushed back her long black hair, exposing her neck in a very awkward manner.Flirting with the fucking waiter!"I think we need a girl's night tonight." Tanya sighed."Uh ohwhat did he do this time?" Rosalie asked. Tanya hunched over and cried into her hands. James, Tanya's boyfriend, was a douche. They've been dating for four months and he's already cheating on her. I wasn't surprised, the warning signs were there. He was constantly flirting with one of us when we went out."He was fucking some slut!" she cried. I gave her napkin. "Thanks." She grotesquely blew her nose into it. The people from the tables around us gave her a dirty look. "I mean look at me! I'm fucking hot! Why would he want a slut like her?!" Tanya was a beautiful woman. She always had her strawberry blonde hair in ringlets down her back and she was never afraid to flaunt what her momma gave her especially when she would wear revealing yet classy clothing."Yeah!" we all agreed."I mean I'm not even heartbroken!""What?" Rosalie asked. "Why are you crying then?""We had the best sex!" she cried even harder into her dirty napkin."Well fuck! You're right we do need a girl's night! I'm bringing the booze!" Alice bounced in her seat and luckily the waiter brought our food and a bottle of wine-probably the most expensive one-with a name we couldn't pronounce."Enjoy ladies" he winked at Alice and she blushed. I rolled my eyes and poured myself a glass of wine. The expensive wine tasted amazing so I poured more into my class, not that I was trying to get tipsy."He had the most perfect cock I've ever seen." She cried. I handed her another napkin."There are other cocks out there, honey." Alice said, patting her back."I know, but I want his cock." She sniffled."Well you could always have breakup sex." I added."Gross! Bella he was fucking some other chick! I don't think she wants to catch a disease." Rosalie exclaimed as her blue eyes turned to glare at me."Well, sorry! I was just suggesting" I crossed my arms over my chest and turned from her glare."Not everyone can have a great sex life with their ex." Tanya huffed. I wasn't going to lie, although my ex and I were no longer together we occasionally have sexwell I wouldn't say occasionally. More like every couple of days.We started out as friends during my junior year of college, he was a junior editor over at cosmopolitan, where I did my internship for two years. He did an advice column which gained attention and he moved up the ladder. We started dating after about two years. We were amazing together. The sex was out-of-this-world-mind blowing! We were a perfect coupletoo perfect. I needed the burning passion that only happened in the bedroom, to happen in all aspects of our relationship. We broke up on mutual grounds. Once he told me that he wasn't looking for another relationship, I took up his offer to be friends-with-benefits."Well, Fuck you!" I stopped listening and ate my food.After a while we grew silent, "I'm sorry Bella. I'm just insanely jealous of you." Tanya apologized"It's alright, just next time you want to make a comment like that I'll be forced to bitch slap you." She giggled, reached over and squeezed my hand. I smiled as I squeezed back and just like that we were back to normal. I love my girls and nothing is going change that.After lunch we agreed to meet up at my place around seven thirty. The girls went back to work and I decided to go to Riley's apartment. Although we were not longer in a romantic relationship we still had a great friendship. I would talk and he would listen, girls would kill to have a guy like that but I was a masochist. I wanted to be pushed, I wanted the fighting and the makeup sex that would come after.I'm seriously fucked up.I couldn't help but noticing that my feelings for him were growing. I don't know if I'd call it love but I couldn't get enough of him, it was as if I was almost obsessed. He consumed my daily thoughts heck, his voice made me weak in the knees.When I got to Riley's building, I greeted the doorman as he led me towards the elevators. I pushed the buttons for the sixteenth floor. I knocked on apartment 16b and immediately Riley opened the door."Come in! Why didn't you call?" he asked as soon as I greeted him."I'm sorry! I had lunch with the girls since I was off today." I saw a mess of papers spread throughout the apartment. "You must've been very busy." I looked him over. He was always so neat, his simple blue button down shirt showed off his lean body and his slim black pants clang to his thighs."Sort of I've been stressing out over this article, but it's a good thing you stopped by." He smiled. Riley was a very attractive man. He had bluest eyes that could see right through you and a crooked smile that you couldn't possibly overlook. His strong jaw was the cherry on top of that sundae of a fine man. He ran his hand through his messy red hair."Can I sit?" I asked pointing to the mess on his brown couch."Yeah, come." He ran to the couch and pushed the mess to the other side."Thanks." I put my purse on the kitchen bar then sat down. "How's the article going?" I asked picking up some of the papers next to me.Suddenly his hands reached out and grabbed my hand, I instantly dropped the papers. He sat down on the coffee table. He was so close to me, I could feel his breath fan across my face. I looked into his blue eyes and they caught me in a trance. There was no way to escape.With my head between his hands he crashed his lips against mine. I let out a moan as his tongue touched mine. I could feel myself grow wet. He removed the button down he was wearing and I momentarily broke our kiss to remove my shirt. I wasn't wearing a bra so his hands instantly went to my breast. I let out a loud moan as his fingers tweak both my nipples. I removed my lips from his and suggested we go into his bedroom.When we got to his bedroom I pulled him towards his large bed and with a smirk he let me push him onto the bed. I blushed as he took in my naked breast. I was quite self-conscience about my body, but the way his lustful eyes watch I couldn't help but feel a boost of confidence. He pulled me on top of him and captured my lips."Take my pants off." I felt myself shudder at his command. I straddled his legs and ran my hands down his naked chest, following his trail of hair that led to the place I wanted most. He let out a small moan as I dipped my fingers into his pants and grazed the head of his cock. I went back to the task at hand. I got off his lap as I pulled his pants down and off him, I stood up admiring his ethereal form. His beautiful cock was concealed by his dark blue briefs, I ran my index finger down from the base to the head.With a sudden urge he sat up and removed my pants and underwear. He stood up and stepped out of his briefs. I felt myself being pushed back onto the bed. He lowered his body onto mine. I closed my eyes briefly and when I opened them again his blue eyes were staring into my soul. I couldn't stop my eyes from watering, with the emotions that washed over me I felt overwhelmed."Bella?" he asked, puzzled."It's nothingI-" I didn't get to finish my sentence.He covered my mouth with his and I felt a deep moan escape my body. Riley pushed my legs apart with his and entered me. I let out a gasp."Please!" I pleaded. I needed him like I needed water. "Oh fuck!" I panted as he pulled back and thrust back into me. His slow movements drove me crazy."You're so fuckingso fucking tight, every time." He panted. He curled his body to suck my nipple into his mouth. I hooked my legs around his waist.I felt his fingers traveling down my body. I knew where they were headed, but I was unprepared for the sensations they brought me."Please!" I panted out as his digits teased my clit. "I'm so close." I moaned out. He grabbed my legs and lifted them above his head as he sat up. He let go I once again hooked them around his waist. Riley grabbed onto my waist as he thrust into me like a madman. I didn't need any other stimulation his face was enough, the strain between his brows aroused me even further.I brought my hand down to my clit and furiously rubbed the sensitive buddle of nerves. I felt my muscles tense as I came. I grabbed onto Riley's thighs as his thrusts sped up, I was still riding high on my orgasm."Fuck!" I heard Riley grunt as he slowed down. He leaned down and kissed me. He pulled out and I felt empty, I couldn't deny the feelings I had for Riley any longer. He rolled over to the other side of the bed and pulled me into him."Stay with me tonight?" He asked. Fuck! Why did I agree to a girl's night?"I can't, I already made plans with the girls." I sighed."Okay then have dinner with me tomorrow night?" he grinned."Okay." I rolled my eyes and he pecked my lips..After I left Riley's place I went to the nearest Whole Foods and bought the ingredients to make dinner for the girls and I. I might have also stocked up on Ben & Jerry's.When I got home it was around six so I got started on my favorite girl's night food, homemade macaroni and cheese and a chocolate cream pie.Hell yeah!While the mac and cheese was in the oven and the pie was in the fridge, I took a much needed shower. I took my time and when I was done I felt fresh and light. At seven I took the pasta out of the oven and let it cool on the stovetop while I checked my email from work.Around seven forty-five the buzzer rang and I let the girls up."I brought everything I could afford." Alice pushed through with many bags in her hand as soon as I opened the door."Okay, well let's eat first!""Remember what happened last time?" Tanya locked the door after her."You were fucked up so bad!" Rosalie giggled. Alice rolled her eyes the stuck her tongue out."Put it on the Style Network!" I threw the remote to Rose."Why?" she asked."There's a Sex and the City marathon!""Oh yay!" Alice bounced."Chill Pixie!" Tanya said and Alice glared at her. I brought out the dish of mac and cheese, the chocolate cream pie and forks, we never ate from plates on girls night.I put the dishes on my coffee table as the girls grabbed their forks. Alice grabbed a couple glasses from my kitchen and poured the JD, a little bit of strawberry liqueur and sparkling water."So, I've been thinking and I've decided to go on a dating hiatus." Tanya said."Here! Here!" Rosalie raised her class."Why?" I asked."I need to rediscover myself." she sighed and didn't explain any further."Well, we'll support you a hundred percent." I said, patting her leg and stuffing my mouth"Well I've been 'discovering' myself also." Rosalie smirks."How?" Tanya asked."Through Tumblr,""What's a Tumblr? I asked."You don't know about Tumblr?!" I shook my head. "Let me show you, go grab your laptop." She demanded."I think I've heard of it before." Alice said as I came back and sat between the girls."You guys are going to love this!" Rosalie squealed as she booted up the computer. She opened the browser and quickly entered the address. The site popped up and immediately asked for you to register "I'm going to show you mine." She logged on with her email and immediately a feed of pictures and text popped up almost like Facebook but nothing like Facebook."Oh this is like Facebook!" Tanya said. Rosalie turned and glared at her."This is nothing like Facebook!""Okay!" she turned her attention back to the screen."You can post pictures of yourself on here it's called 'selfies', some people post video although it's a violation, quotes and music and a whole bunch of shit." she explained. "So here's my feed I see all the pictures that have been reblogged from the people I've followed." She scrolled down the page and the pictures started getting more raunchy and provocative to downright pornographic. I'm not going to lie but the pictures were turning me on. "There are also moving pictures called GIFs.""What?" she pointed to a guy rubbing his, rather large, erection, the picture was moving frame by frame and then it would repeat itself.Holy fuck!As if Alice read my mind, "Am I the only one getting horny right now?" she poured herself more JD and downed it, wincing as she wiped her mouth."If you start an orgy I'm out." Rosalie said. "I'm going to register you guys for a Tumblr." I took a bite of the chocolate cream pie, not really caring what Rosalie was signing me up for.This is like chocolate sex!"Do you post pictures of yourself on there?" I asked."Yeah that' how I get followers. Grab my phone, let me show you." I reached over the coffee table and grabbed her phone out of her purse. "Come close together you guys!" we followed her instructions and she snapped a photo of us."What's that for?" Alice asked clearly drunk-out-of-her-mind."I also have the app. I already signed you up, give me your phone." I handed her my phone. After a few moments she handed it back to me. "Now you're following me!" I took the phone from her hand not knowing what I have put myself in."How do I work this shit?" I asked."Find out on your own. Look I posted the picture!" I saw the picture of us on my laptop and underneath was written 'if these ladies had a Tumblr would you follow them?' I gave her a glare."Really?""Oh shut it!" she logged out and shut down my laptop.(OYO)So what do you guys think? Yay? Nay? Should I continue?Don't forget to follow Dirty Conversations on Tumblr at .com 
