Hello fans and welcome to my new story Falling Apart. This is a story of Isabella and Emmett. Rosalie and Emmett no longer care for each other and Emmett leaves for many, many years. He visits the Cullens when he cans and wants to. He is a different person now and has his eye on someone else. In this story, vampires sleep (since I like it that way). This is not set in any Twilight Saga stories. Edward never met Isabella, the Cullens are not in school, and you'll find out the rest in the story. Almost all characters belong to Stephanie Meyer! Enjoy!Emmett's POVRosalie and I were sitting outside the house, arguing like we usually have been for the last three weeks. Everyone was getting tired of the fighting, really, but what could we do to stop it. She was selfish, rude, arrogant... selfish. It really pisses me off. Rosalie would only care for herself and no one else. She wouldn't really care that I would do the best to keep her happy. But she would counter act the things that I did. If I bought her something, she would say she didn't like it or she didn't want it, or it didn't fit her. There was a story for everything.Now we were sitting outside arguing about me. She was suggesting that I didn't love her anymore because I wasn't trying anymore. Which was true, I stopped trying to please her only because she was impossible to please."Are you even listening to me?" she asked, annoyed."Nope." I admitted. I wasn't going to hide it from her. And it was true, I wasn't listening to her. I was trying to ignore her."Emmett!" She yelled.I stood up from my seat, no longer wanting to take this abuse anymore. "No, Rose. Just shut up for a while, will you? I'm tired of you. I've tried everything to keep you happy, but you know what, I can't. You are so hard to please. You're selfish, arrogant... You don't care about anymore other than yourself. And I'm done trying to keep you happy. I want to be happy also Rose. I'll be more happier when you leave me alone." I snapped and walked away.Rosalie was still sitting there, in complete shock. I looked at her when I hit the forest line, hiding behind the trees. She was still sitting there, looking where I left through the forest. Part of me felt bad that I had yelled at her and pointed out all her flaws. But another part of me didn't care. I shouldn't care. She has been rude to me for a very long time and I was tired of it.I was about to just leave until my conscience got the best of me and I walked back to her. I knew why Rosalie was the way she was. She didn't like this life she was living in. Even though she was grateful that Carlisle saved her she was still very... depressed. All she wanted was to be human, but that was making her very rude to everyone else. Everyone wanted to be human, but she really wanted to, mainly to have kids. When I showed up, she loved me, since I reminded her of a little boy she wanted. I had some sympathy for her. I did. She is my wife. And I love her, even though she is crazy as hell.I sat next to her, but didn't touch her."Look, Rose. I didn't mean to say that as harsh as it came out. But, it's true. Rosalie I try my very best to keep you happy. I know what you want, humanity... a child. But that is something I cannot give you. Trust me Rose. If I was able to give you the chance for humanity or a child, you know that you would be the first person to go to... not even myself. It would be you. I want you happy Rosalie, because I love you. But you cannot just push me away or any one else." I said. "I want to try to keep you happy, but sometimes, I just can't keep doing that 24/7. I want to be happy as well Rose. And you need to think about others rather than yourself all the time. Hell, especially your husband. I've been with you for more than 90 years, almost going to 100 years. I don't ask much... but this, I don't want to keep continuing."I stopped the conversation right there and walked away, wanting to be alone. So I went hunting for awhile, then walked around the forest floor.Until I saw her...She was in the lake, completely naked. I sat down on a fallen tree trunk and watched her. For awhile, I thought she was human. But then I realized she would have freezed to death. Sometimes she would turn around and I would be able to see her face. She had a heart-shaped face, golden eyes, and a very curvy body. I know, I know. I'm married... But this woman... She was beautiful. Hell, I don't even care if I was married. I can observe women...The girl came out of the water, her back facing me. She had her clothes sitting on a tree trunk and quickly put them on. I stood up and stood behind a tree, moving around, watching her. The sun started to shine through the clouds and she turned her head straight in my direction. I kept quiet and didn't move. When I looked at her again, she wasn't there.I frowned and turned around. When I did, she was standing right there, glaring at me. I stepped back, defending myself, but also making sure she didn't attack me or see me as a threat."What are you doing?" she asked."Uh... n-nothing." I said."Were you watching me?" She asked."Uh..."She pursed her lips and scanned her eyes over my body. "Are you here to hurt me?" She asked."No." I said."Why were you watching me?" She asked. "It's very rude, don't you think.""Well, actually... I was passing... And...""And?" She pressed."Sorry." I said."Are you alone? A nomad?"I didn't know this girl. I didn't know if I should trust her. "Yes. I'm alone.""Oh." She said. "You have golden eyes, so you're good. You can come with me, you know? Join my group. We're pretty good people. There's mostly girls though. There are some guys. We live in Shelton, Washington. It's in Washington, so it's not far. Do you live here... in Forks?""Uh. Yeah I do. In an apartment." I said."Oh. Do you want to come with us?" She asked again."Umm... I'll think about it." I said. "I can get back to you on it. I'm... used to being alone.""I understand." She said. She gave me her number in my cellphone. Her name was Isabella. She had a pretty good clan, names that I would not remember if she told me them all today. After we greeted each other, we both returned back to our homes.Isabella was nice. She was intelligent, sweet, and quiet. And on top of that, she was beautiful and had a quick wit. She would make jokes on me when I said something stupid or I stuttered. We both would make jokes on each other, prank each other, battle against each other. She was quick, I'll give her that. We spent three hours together. I'll admit, I had some guilt in me for lying to her, but also completely forgetting about Rosalie.When Isabella and I said goodnight, I watched her run off into the distance until I couldn't see or hear her anymore. Then I turned around and ran home. Rosalie was sitting with Esme and Alice, cutting Alice's hair."What are you doing?" I asked Rose."I'm getting a hair cut." Alice said. "Jazz will love it.""Jazz will love anything you do." I said.Alice shrugged and her smile soon fell. I had a feeling that Rosalie and I would be arguing again later since she frowned. I sat next to Rose, not saying anything to her. Esme was looking through a home decor magazine. She wanted to build a new house. We've only been in Forks for two years. But Esme wanted something else rather than Forks. Maybe a new town.After Rose finished cutting Alice's hair, which I admitted that it was nice, we walked upstairs so we could talk. For five minutes, she really didn't say anything. I didn't want to be the one to start the conversation, considering that I always started it."I'm sorry." She said."Rose. I know you're sorry. But I have to ask this, do you even love me?" I asked. "Do you truly 100% love me?" I asked.She looked down and played with her fingers. "I don't know..." She whispered.I nodded and looked down. "I think we should get a divorce."She nodded and took off her ring. She handed me the ring and had tears in her eyes. Tears that would never fall. I took the ring and took off my ring."Maybe things could change." She said. "Maybe we just need to split apart... for a while.""Maybe." I said. "You take the room tonight, I'll sleep somewhere else.""Thanks." She whispered. I kissed her forehead for the last time and walked out of the room. I didn't want to talk to anyone, or see anyone, so I walked with my head down and stepped outside.Esme wanted to talk to me, but Edward stopped her, saying that I wanted to be alone for a while. The others kept quiet about the divorce. I didn't think about what happened today, I just sat there, thinking about how it would be like now that we weren't going to be together. Then I thought about moving out my clothes tomorrow, then I thought about moving out.When I did, Alice came out of the house, very upset."What?" I asked her."You're leaving." She stated. I looked at the forest, not wanting to continue this conversation. I guess I was leaving. "Where are you going? I see you with others, but I can't put a face to them. You check in time from time...""I don't know Alice. I just want to go out for a while." I said. I stood up and walked over to her. "But I'm not going to disappear for a long time. I promise." I kissed Alice's forehead and hugged her. Even if not many people knew it, Alice and I were very tight with each other. She's my little sister."I'll talk to the others before I'll leave." I said.She nodded and walked back inside. I decided that I would go live with Isabella's clan for a while, see how that would work out.I dialed her number, walked out to the forest so no one could hear me, and waited for her to answer."Hello?" she answered."I'll take that offer now." I said.I could hear a smile in her voice when she was telling me where to go. Before we ended the conversation, she was telling me that I would love it with her clan. That's what I was hoping for. We would see each other tomorrow, to get myself settled in and talk to the others.When I walked back to the house, I knew it was time to tell the others that I was officially leaving. I told them I didn't know when I would be coming back, or when I would drop by to visit. I only told them that I would be traveling around with some people I met, just wanting to be around a change of atmosphere. Rosalie was sitting on the steps, looking down to the floor. Edward had texted me saying she felt like it was her fault I was leaving the others. She didn't mind me leaving, but she felt like she was pulling the family apart because of herself.I assured everyone that I would check in, no matter what. Though I would be traveling around, contacting them. I would be coming back, I just didn't know when. I had to tell them this about fifteen times. Esme was the least happy, of course. I had to personally tell her that I would come back.In the night, Edward offered me his couch that he had in his room. I slept there during the night, but really I just laid there. I would hear Rosalie in the other room walking around or move around in the bed. In the morning, I got up around 10 to start packing some clothes that I had.At 12, I was ready to leave. Esme wouldn't let me go and Carlisle made the promise that I would see them again. Edward and Jasper were upset, but they would hide it from me. Alice was completely sad, but she knew I would come back. As for Rosalie, she was leaning against the wall, the furthest away from me. I looked at her and nodded at her once. She gave me a small wave and I loaded my car.I drove to Shelton, Washington, which was a two hour drive the way I drive. Shelton was a small town, almost like Forks. There was a huge river with the town being surrounded by trees. It was a beautiful city, I'll give her that. Isabella lived out of the city, just like we did. When I arrived at her house, it was huge, almost like the house I just left. I stepped out of the car and looked around the house. The house was bigger than Esme's house, considering that Isabella was telling she had a huge clan. A girl came out of the house. She had red hair, very red hair. It was cut short with bangs that covered her eyes."You're early." She said."I'm sorry?" I asked."You're early." She repeated. "Isabella said you were coming at five.""Oh. Well I'm early.""Alright. Welcome then." She said. "She isn't here right now, by the way. The guys are sitting in the living room. I'll get your room ready.""Thanks." I said. She grabbed my bag and before I could stop her, she disappeared. I walked into the house, which was almost mansion-like.When you first walked in, grand stair case was right in the front. It was almost balcony-like. The stairs were wrapping around, leading to different bedrooms. I looked up to see girls looking down at me. They were quiet, but they staring at me. I waved at one of them and she giggled. She jumped off the staircase and landed right in front of me. She had black hair and a round shaped face. She reminded me of Alice."Hi." She said, wiggling her fingers."Hey." I said."You must be Emmett." She said."Yeah." I said. "And you are?""Lori." She said. "Come on, I'll show you to the guys." Lori chained her arms with mine and led me to the living room. While we were walking, there were girls standing around the house, talking with each other. All of them looked at me with sincerity and interest in their eyes. And there were a lot of girls. A LOT. It was like guy heaven...Some girls would stop Lori and I to talk to me. Lori just kept pushing through to get me to the guys. The house was huge with bedrooms everywhere. The kitchen and dining room was connected and the table looked like it could hold thirty people. The living room itself could be an entire house for someone. That's how big it was.There were seven others guys in the house, now eight guys total. They were sitting around, playing video games, talking. Some girls were sitting with them, talking, or cuddling with them. One of the guys had two girls sitting with him."Guys. This is Emmett Bella was talking about." Lori said.All the guys stood up and walked over to me. They all shook my hand, greeting me."Nice to meet you." One of them said."Hey." I said."Hope you like the house Emmett." Lori said. She had a little twinkle in her eye. "I'm sure Zila is making your room.""Zila?""The redhead." one of the guys answered. "She scares me.""Feel free to do what you want. Talk to who you want, do anything really. Just don't kill people." another guy said."Of course." I chuckled.I hung around the guys for a while until Zila showed me my room. It was right next to Isabella's on the third floor. The room was big, bigger than my old room. Thinking back to the house, I felt a little bad for leaving the others because of Rose. Really, I just didn't want to be around her. My room was black, red, and white. The bed was a king sizes, a couple of love seat couches, a flat-screen tv, dressers, all the necessities for a bedroom.Another girl soon came into my room. She was small with brown hair. She was like Alice's size, maybe even smaller."Hi." I said. She held her hands together and looked down. She wanted to say something, but she was too shy. "Are you alright?""No." She said. "Wait. Yes. I'm fine. My name is Abby.""Hi. My name is Emmett.""You remind me of my brother..." She said.I sat on the loveseat couch and she didn't really hesitate to sit next to me. She was telling me about the mansion, how it came to be. Isabella and one of the guys- whose names was Dominic. They built the house and took in stray vampires that either their maker had left them alone or they were being abused by their makers. Most of the women here were being abused by male makers. Isabella wanted to help them, so her and Dominic saved many if them. As of right now, there were 28 of us, including me. So 20 girls and 8 boys. Isabella was looking for more trustworthy men. Apparently, she saw that in me. She wanted more men to fight for the girls. Some of the makers have came back to take back what was "theirs." They ended up having to fight and they've won so far. Though, Isabella was still wary about some makers. She wanted to have more men than women fight in any fight.Abby told me that her maker would use for his personal pleasures. I couldn't imagine what kind of man would decide to hurt Abby- of all people. She was a sweetheart. She showed me her scars, which crossed over her stomach. She was very thankful that Isabella and Dominic saved her, otherwise she could be dead. I asked her if any vampires who have came into Isabella's home didn't want to stay. Abby told me that one time a girl was so much abused, she was afraid that he would come back and kill her, so she ran back. Isabella and the guys tried to find her, but they weren't able to. Isabella looks for her on her spare time, trying to bring her back. One day she did, but she was killed by her maker. Dominic was more upset than Isabella was and he killed the maker.About an hour later, Abby ended up falling asleep on the couch. She told me indirectly why I was here, it was to keep the girls safe. That was my being here. I didn't mind it, really. If I able to keep people safe from bad vampires, then I could... I should.I wrapped a blanket around Abby and walked out of the room. Just as I did, Isabella was walking into her room."Oh, hey. You made it." She said, smiling."Hey." I smiled back."Thank you." She said."For what?""Helping. I'm sure someone already told you." She said. "Probably Abby.""Yeah. She did." I said. "She's a sweetheart.""Yeah, she is." She agreed. "Sometimes it's hard to hear her story, some people can't sit through it. It disgusts me when someone can do that to a person.""Well, that's why there needs to be more of you. Your the key to people's lives. If only there were more people like you. Everyone here loves you Bell. And I haven't been here for an entire day, I can see them look up to you.""Thanks." She said. "Do you like it here?""Of course I do." I admitted. "I haven't been this comfortable for a while now.""Good." She said. "I hope you stay."I nodded at her and decided to walk around the house. Some of the girls greeted me, while others were too nervous to even look at me. There were three floors to the house. Usually the guys would stay on the bottom floor, in case a vampire decides to break in. The guys had a room to themselves, just like I did. There were some rooms for girls, but they didn't get a room to themselves. When I hit the second floor, that was all girl rooms. They were paired up, expect for Isabella, she had room to herself. So actually, there were 21 girls and 8 guys in the house. Then I started counting, there were 19 rooms in the house. If 20 girls had paired up, then 8 guys with a room to themselves, then Isabella, there were 19 rooms filled. I wondered if Isabella keeps adding rooms when someone new comes in."Looks like you're thinking hard there." Zila teased."Yeah. There's a lot of rooms in the house." I said."We keep adding more." She said."And you all don't mind each other.""We do. Sometimes we get into small fights. But not to the point that we would want someone dead. Except for two girls. They cannot stand each other and have to be parted at all times.""Who?" I asked."Makenzie and Scarlett." She answered. "You'll know who those two are, just keep them away from each other. They have a big difference of opinion and we don't need another fight in this house."I nodded and she walked away. When I decided to go to the kitchen, there was a girl sitting there eating. At first, I thought she was a vampire, but then I smelt her. She was a werewolf."Hi?" I said."Hi." She said. "I'm Eliza. You must be the new vampire.""Yeah." I said, slowly. "I didn't know Isabella collected werewolves also.""Yes, she does. But we don't stay here. We go to the other mansion. That's where the other wolves are.""Wait..." I said. "There are rogue wolves over there?""Yes." She said. "And I'm the second in command wolf that controls that place. Santiago is the alpha. You obviously have a lot to learn.""Yeah I do. I didn't notice the other mansion." I said."We're on the other side of town. Isabella, Dominic, Santiago, and I have a very tight treaty here in Shelton. When Isabella came, she's been helping us find rogue wolves. Our pack is pretty big, but now as big as her clan here. There was no official tribe here in Shelton, so we took over. We help save vampires and werewolves.""Wow..." I said."I know. Amazing." She said. "I only come over here to get away from the loud ass pack of wolves. It can get pretty rowdy. Here too.""I would like to come over one day, see the mansion.""Of course. Anyone of Dominic's and Isabella's vampires are welcome." She said. "We're all friends here.""How big is the pack?""Almost 20." She said. "I think there's 18 or 17 of us.""Jeez." I said. "Nice to meet you Eliza."She nodded and I left her alone so she could eat. I ended up back upstairs to my room. Abby wasn't on the couch anymore, she had moved to my bed. I didn't mind it, but it was a little awkward for me, mainly because I didn't really know anybody much.Isabella called me in her room to talk to me. She was telling me that sometimes the girls get... lonely. And when they get lonely, they usually turn to the guys to... not be lonely."So..." I said, slowly. "You're telling me that the girls have sex with the guys?""Yes." She said."Holy mother of... That's a lot of girls.""Emmett, think about this for a minute. Most of those girls down there are mentally scared. They don't trust men as much as they should. When they get to know the guys, they get comfortable with them, they trust them. When their lonely, they want a guy to... keep them company. There is no established relationship in the house." She said. "I know... It's weird as hell. Trust me, I've tried to stop it. But everyone is comfortable with it. It's something that you would have to get used to.""Alright. So you're telling me, that the girls are randomly going to come up to my room and want to sleep with me?""Yes." She said. "But you don't have to have sex with them Emmett. Let them sleep in the bed, fine. But you don't have to have sex with them.""Okay, I'll be honest with you." I said. "Until I can get used to this place, I won't be sleeping with anyone. I'm alright with them sleeping in my bed, but I won't actually have sex with them... not yet.""It's fine. Most guys who come here for the first time will do the same exact thing you do." She said. "Yes, you will probably sleep with all the girls here, ask Dominic. He has. Except for me. I don't sleep with anyone. But at times, I will push the girls to find a mate, but it's not all the time."I nodded, understanding. Then I thought back to the first time I saw the other guys. One of them had two girls sitting with him."As for Abby..." Isabella began. "She's different. Try to get her to talk to people. She's quiet, too quiet. I worry about her. Everyone here is trying their best to talk to her, but she just pushes away. The guys and I are trying to get into her mind, see what's wrong with her. Do you think you can help with that also?""Yeah." I said.Isabella thanked me and I walked out of the room. It was 7 o'clock now. I decided to check around the house, to make sure everyone was alright. I walked down to the bottom floor and walked into the girls' bedroom. One of them was sitting on the bed, listening to her ipod, while the other was painting her nails. They both looked at me and smiled. I asked them if they were alright and asked their names. I did that with every girl I saw. I asked if they were alright and their name. By the time I got through the entire house, I knew everyone's names.It was a lot of names. The guys' names was something I needed to focus on the most, mainly because we were going to be fighting side by side. There was Dominic, Stephen, Axel, Quentin, Chandler, William, and Hollow (that was his nickname). Then there was Santiago for the werewolves' alpha.Around 10 at night, Abby ended up waking up and shadowed me. I was starting to think she felt comfortable around me. Maybe it would be easier to get into her head. Then I thought of Edward and frowned. The bastard never left my head alone. I chuckled at a thought when he ruined one of Rosalie's surprises because he read my thoughts. I had to beat him up for that. Jasper was laughing the entire time and Rosalie was actually happy to hear what her present was going to be. But that was years ago.I walked Abby back to her room, where she shared it with Annabelle. Annabelle was small also, but she knew how to keep a conversation going. I told the girls goodnight and started walking to my room, until a girl stopped me. It was Roxy. She had on a black, lacy night gown with her black hair curling down her back. She looked at little hesitant."Are you alright?" I asked."I'm... okay." She said. I knew what she was going to ask... I knew exactly what she was going to ask."Do you want to sleep in my room tonight?" I asked. I asked her only because I remembered I was a single man now and it was time that I stopped floating around Rosalie.She opened her mouth to speak, but nodded instead. I smiled at her and let her get on my back. She laughed the entire way up, since I was running. It was nice to hear her laugh, since she was one of the girls who had been abused. When we reached my door, I carried her bridal style to my bed. She whispered a thanks and I nodded. I switched into some black silk pajama pants. I never wore shirts to bed, it was uncomfortable for me, so I didn't wear one. Roxy was tucking herself in bed and I told her that I had to check around the house.One of the things that the guys had to do was make sure the house was secure. So the eight of us were, right now, walking around the house, making sure the girls were alright, locking the house, setting alarms... Yes, Isabella had alarms made the way she wanted them. And they actually worked. You'd be surprised how loud vampires are during the night. Once we were done, we all headed off to bed. I checked in on Isabella before I went to bed. She was already sleeping.Finally, I was able to go to bed. Roxy was still awake, waiting for me. When I laid down, she immediately laid her head on my chest. I didn't stop her, since I was comfortable. I laid my hand on the lower part of her back and closed my eyes. This was the life that I would be living... And there was... without a doubt, that I would be changing.And that concludes the first chapter. There will be an update soon... don't worry, just like there will be for A New World. REVIEW! Here are all the names of Isabella's and Dominic's MansionWomen- Zila, Lori, Abby, Makenzie, Scarlett, Eliza, Annabelle, Roxy, Crystal, Isabella, Roxanne, Juliet, Maya, Fay, Phoebe, Harmony, Baylee, Trinity, Amber, Mia, DesireeMen- Emmett, Dominic, Stephen, Axel, Quentin, Chandler, William, Hollow
