NEW ECLIPSESummary: Just returned from Italy. The family vote already cast. Edward and Bella find themselves heading back to Bella's home. This is a woulda,shoulda, coulda version of events at the end New Moon, and a complete rewrite of Eclipse. This is AU. I will be going canon where I can, but I won't be stupid about it. Things are going to change to what they could've BEEN.**Disclaimer: I Do NOT own Twilight, or its characters. That honor belongs to SM.**The couple have just returned from the Cullen house. The vote for Bella's change has just been cast. Bella and Edward are out in the woods near Bella's home. Edward is now trying to persuade Bella to remain human a little while longer, till he feels certain that the change is what she wants for herself and no one else.*Warning: Angst ahead. But I, like you, hate Angst. So if you survive this chapter, then half the battle is won.* CHAPTER 1: Marry MeBELLA"Bella, If you could have anything in the world anything at all what would it be?" Edward asked looking hopeful.My eyes filled with skepticism, but I responded anyway."You Edward, only you."He smiled then leaned in and kissed me softly, giving me a wordless thank you. I smiled at that.Still smiling he shook his head as if I missed the point to his original question. "Something you don't already have love." He amended.I smiled wider.I needed to hear that. We hadn't spoken about his leaving in much details because I knew it is too painful of a subject for either of us to really touch upon, but hearing him say that I 'have him' as if I already owned him, made me feel good, really good.But as for his question. I wasn't sure where he was trying to lead me, but I knew I was being led. So I thought carefully before I answered. I came up with something that was both true, and probably impossible."I wouldn't want Carlisle to be the one to do it, I would want my mate to do it. I would want you to find the courage, and belief in yourself and do what needs to be done and just change me. But not only that, I would want you to want to change me. That's what I want, Edward" I saidBeing a vampire is one thing, but having Edward want me, truly want me, was something else entirely. That was the only thing that really mattered.I bit lip and watched his reaction warily. I was expecting more of the fury I'd seen at his house. I was surprised that his expression didn't change. It was still calculating, but thoughtful."What would you be willing to trade for that?" he asked ominouslyI couldn't believe my ears. I gawked at his composed face and blurted out the answer before I could think about it."Anything." I said excitedly.Are we bargaining?He smiled faintly, and then pursed his lips. "Five years?"And with two words all the joy that I was feeling a moment ago died.I almost wanted to cry. He still wasn't taking this seriously.He said I always never respected the danger I was in, but after coming back from Italy I can honestly say that I do now. But it looks like we changed places, and it is him now that holds safety at arms length. Because a lot can happen in 5 years. Just look at what happened in the past 18 months alone. Tyler's Van, Port Angles, Nomads, Phoenix, Werewolves, Laurent, Loneliness, and Italy.My face twisted into an expression somewhere between chagrin and horror."You said anything," he reminded me."Yes, but Edward with the Volturi looking for my change we'll all be dead in two. Furthermore, Victoria is still out there looking for me... for us," I quickly amended. ''It's just too dangerous to be humanfor me at least. So, anything but that." I said rubbing his cheek gently with my palm.He frowned. "Three years, then?, and don't worry about Victoria love, she is alone and she can't touch you, not by herself.""Edward, no'', I said. ''Still too long, still too much to risk""Isn't the change worth anything to you at all?"I grabbed his face with both of my hands then."Edward, It's worth everything to me", I stated as lovingly as I could ''You wanting me to share eternity with you, Edward that means absolutely everything to me; please know that.''I took a breath,Then I made an offer."Six months Edward, six months after graduation, how does that work for you?"I think my poor luck can hold out that long.He rolled his eyes. "Not good enough, Bella not even close."Argh, Is he is trying to test faith?"Fine"I really, really didn't want to go this far."One year then, that's my limit. And please remember it is not just me in danger from the Volturi, but your family and yourself as well. So I'll give you one year to risk all our lives on this quest of yours too keep me human!'' I said harshly"At least give me two." He said still trying to bargain, ignoring my tone."Uh uh. No way," I said quickly. ''One year is already pushing it too close to the line Edward. We don't know how much time we really have. The Volturi can send someone to look into things; they could drop by next month for all we know."He looked into my eyes searchingly. "You seem to be really concerned about the Volturi. How much of their impression is influencing your decision?"I looked at him, completely stupefied by his words.What, is he kidding me?. Of course I'm concerned. They can have everyone I know killed, and over what? The simple fact that I didn't change in a timely enough manner? No, I am not going to let that happen. What about that didn't he get?''Edward! Of course it has an influence on my decision to change. Your family and my father is in danger if we don't. You are in danger if we don't. You think I didn't use that knowledge when I was weighing my options? You think I'm that selfish to risk us all that way?'' I asked incredulously.Was he for real?He thought for a minute."All right, forget about time limits then. I only wanted it for one thing anyway. I wanted to use it to build back your level of trust in me. The one I surely lost with my foolish actions."I see, but did he really think it would take that long?"Did you really think it would've taken 5 years Edward?" I asked in slight disbelief"I hurt you Bella, I practically destroyed the most precious thing to me with my blasphemous lies and arrogance. So I didn't want you to become a vampire while you may have been carrying around such a low opinion of me. Because once you've changed, there would be no erasing how you felt about me prior."Could that really happen?"You mean...are you telling me that even our emotions are frozen?" I said slightly stunned at this revelation"Yes love. The only time we change is when we find our mates. We've have already done that, so whatever happens now, there would be no going back. If you...secretly hate me...or have any animosity towards me, then that is how you will be for all of eternity" Edward sadly explained.Oh my god! This was much more serious than I thought. Because the truth was there was still a few of questions that I had of Edward, and until those questions were answered I really couldn't forgive him all the way. I was running head long into an eternity of hidden animosity towards Edward and I didn't even know it."Edward, I really, really wished you explained that sooner. Which leads me straight into another issue, and source to our problem, communication; we don't have any. But that too long of an issue for right now. In either case, I don't think I will need 5 years to forgive you Edward. For god sake, I don't even think I will need 6 months after graduation to do it. I love you Edward, and although I didn't agree with your reasons and the unilateral decision you made for the both of us, I know I will be able to wholeheartedly forgive you one day soon. Okay?"He nodded solemnly at my statement. Because I knew just confirm for him that I didn't forgive him entirely for what he has done, but at least he wasn't expecting it to be easyAnd he was right, I didn't forgive him all the way. The pain of past 7 months is not just going to disappear no matter what he my think; we needed time to heal. Just not that much."I fervently hope so love." He said in a small voice."No need to hope Edward, it will happen." I said in a hopeful tone trying to bring him around."Okay love, I believe you.""Good" I said and leaned to give him a kiss of affirmation."Well that still leaves the topic open for who is going to be changing you love.""What?, I thought we settled that." I said letting my new frustration show"Bella that was only to buy time to earn your love, trust and respect once more. I still want you to have as many human experiences as possible. If you want me to be the onethen you'll just have to...""To what? Jesus Christ Edward, what would I have to do to?""Marry me, Bella. You would have to marry me." Edward said cutting me off.I gasped, to say that was unexpected would be the understatement of the century. And to say that was one of the most awkwardly timed proposals of all time was also a serious underestimation."Edward...I." I didn't know what to say. Years of Renee's influence flooded to my mind as well as images of Charlie struggling with life as a bachelor . Not to mention all the problems we haven't even solved yet.What is this?, we were just working on trust issues, why now?I realize I have been leaving him without reply, his expression growing more hurt by the second. I needed to say something."Why... why now? do you feel obligated or something to say this now?" I asked in confusedly.I hope this buys me some sand for my hourglass. I really need to think about this. What is he thinking asking me this? We just got back from escaping deaths pale translucent grip in Italy. We haven't even really talked about his abandonment of me.Ouch! And there it was, never too far from the surface. That hurt, that pain that I had to deal with for the past several months. Just the thought of it brought back the pain of those days.I must remember that my Edward is here, with me, right now and asking me to marry him of all things. I should be happy, shouldn't I? But why am I so confused?"Is...is the idea of marrying me such a painful prospect?" He said staring at me with hurt filled eyes. Clearly misunderstanding the look of pain in my expression."No, no, no. Edward... it's just". I paused.Breathe Bella breathe. Focus your words. Say the wrong thing now and it would be disastrous."Its just there are so many things we need to discuss first..." I began, but was interrupted once more"Bella, you mean to tell me that you are 'ready' to discuss your change, and make the permanent commitment of being a vampire, but when I asked you about marrying me you are telling me you have to think on it?" He said struggling to hide his own frustration and hurt.Ugh, When looking at it that way, I kinda came up short. How foolish must I look to him, to anyone who heard it phrased like that. But that wasn't the case. We had priorities right now. And asking me like this seems so... wrong."How can you make one choice but not the other? How can say you love 'me', and want to be with 'me' forever but won't accept my love in all its forms?'' He asked with a hurt penetrating gaze that, leaving me feeling guilt and shame.How can I? He's right. I knew it and so did he. How could I accept one and not the other.But then, I thought back to Renee, then my argument fell into place."I can because one is not the other." I replied with some small measure of confidence."What?, how can you say that? How can..."I cut him off."Because it's not, Edward. Please let me explain" I said. He was about to interrupt me, but I held my hand up to allow further explanation. "Take a look at my family Edward. Where Is Charlie?" I asked"Charlie?...in his home, asleep" He replied. confused to where I might be going with this."And where is Renee?'' I asked."Jacksonville". He stated softly with realization in his tone."Do you see?, Charlie sleeps in Forks, and Renee sleeps in Jacksonville. They too were married Edward, and look how that turned out". I paused to let that sink in. "I don't want my Parents' marriage Edward; I want your Parents' marriage. I want eternal love, not the fragile human commitments that my parents made. Those mean nothing to me, and even less to them now. I want to commit myself to you and I want you commit myself to me, eternally. Don't you see? we want the same thing."He took a moment to think about what I said, but at least the hurt look was gone; and for that I was glad. He realizes the spontaneous that he may have wished for, but didn't get was not meant to intentionally hurt him, but instead allowed me a moment to justify my own response."Bella, love" Edward started. "I get it. But you have to understand I want the marriage that my parents had, my human parents. In my time, marriage was the pinnacle expression of commitment between two people. Marriage means something to me!""Edward, I see that, I do. But I grew up with divorced parents. I was shipped back and forth every summer and most extended holidays between mother and father. Marriage isn't held in high regards to me. Edward, they make shows now that romanticized the idea of divorce, and all the benefits you can get if you marry wealthy and ft doesn't work out. The sacred idea of matrimony has been boiled down to a 20 x 20 chapel in Vegas, and an costume impersonator of a dead music artist for a minister. Even in your time, most marriage where not made for love. Most were prearranged, for the mutual financial benefit of the parents. Where was the love in any of that Edward?""Bella all that means right now is that you don't want to get married to me, that is all I'm hearing from you." He stated."No, Edward I don't. Not yet anyway." I said Looking at him with laser focus. I know I hurt him. I know his eyes would be tearing if they could, but it had to be said; but so did this. "Edward, its not enough. I want more. I want more for us than that."The hurt in his features cleared up slightly, but the confusion remained."Bella, it's just like you said, you and I are Edward and Bella; no one else," He said looking deeply in my eyes. "We do what works for us Bella, for no one else, but us''.Us... for us...The whole world almost disappeared when he said that to me. For his words momentarily crossed out every concern about anyone else from my mind. At least for a moment.From the way he was looking at me with so much love, to the words he said, I could almost believe it was just the two of us left. Almost.I shook my head at him, coming back to my senses, not allowing myself to be dazzled into defeat. I was ready begin again, and to point out a few things."Edward..."I began, but was cutoff"So, you want to be changed first?" He asked quickly, when he saw that I was still putting up a fight."Yes for starters, Edward". I replied."You rank being changed over the gift of my affections when I asked you to marry me, why?" He askedNO I AM NOT!. That was out of line. Being changed and Edwards love are the same to me, how dare he confuse the two! And of all the things, what does he mean tell him why, doesn't he know by now?"Why?, what do you mean why?'' I asked rhetorically. ''Our lives for one thing!""Our lives? He asked incredulously "Bella we can always run if the Volturi ever decide to come looking, I will make you safe"What? A life on the run is not my idea of a life."Edward! I don't want to spend my life running!" I stated angrily. "The answer to every one of your problems shouldn't be to run Edward. To find a dark hole in the world and throw yourself in and hope your problems go away. You made that mistake already remember? It foolish then, just as much as it is foolish now. You need to wake up already, and stop being difficult about this, there are other people to consider.""Bella, I will make you safe..." he insisted, but I cut him off."We won't be safe Edward, we won't ever be safe! Its not within your power to do so. Jane torture should have told you that. You're lying to yourself and your lying to me! and we are all going to die if you don't stop this way of thinking." I yelled, and then took a moment to calm down. "I need to be changed for us Edward, for us.""For the family you mean? " He asked, hurt once again.Seriously, where does his mind go to find all this to hurt and misery to bury itself in?"Of course for the family!" I stated "and for..."But I was cut off, again"If you're not ready for marriage then, you can't possible be ready to make decisions on more permanent commitments!" Edward stated. Looking hurt, once again.What?. Where is this coming from?. I'm getting a feeling that something got lost somewhere."Edward, we can always get married, we don't have to do this right out of high school, it can be done anytime down the line. As long as we have time, Edward." I said in a low calm voice. I was trying to get him to see my point of view on things."That is what I want for us Bella , but it is clearly, it's not what you want". He said sharply. Making me feel guilty.Still lost I see."Edward...please, listen to me". I waited till I felt I had his attention. "Edward, marriage is what I want too. Having your name attached to mine, or anything of yours, attached to me in any way, makes me happy Edward, please know that. But it's not something we need to do. We have priorities. "I hope that clears up some to the fog"I won't change you unless we're married, and you won't marry me unless you're changed" Edward incorrectly surmised. "Marriage means something to me Bella. It has value in my eyes. I don't care what the times say. It is something precious that I want to be a part of, but only with you''. He then added ''But I want you to want it for yourself; I won't force it on you. And I won't force you into this life Bella. I don't want you changing because you'feel' the need to save our lives. You are selfless, and that is one of the main reasons I find you beautiful, but I won't use it to condemn you to this life. I can at least protect you that much"So there is the problem, there is the problem right there. He was still the same Edward that left."Edward I will marry you, one day and it will be for all the right reasons. I won't go through with it, just to be used as a bargaining chip for my change. That is exactly what it will be if I accept your proposal now, it would be for all the wrong reasons. Edward can't you see that your doing it again? your making arrogant decisions and your not listening to anyone's opinion but your own. Edward the reason for my wanting to change, and for marriage, is not the same. It's not the same. Edward, there is a difference. If you and I don't get married now...Nothing happens, but we would still get the opportunity to do it later. But, If I don't get changed soon, your whole family dies, me included! See the difference?! What about that you do not understand?!" I said harshly. Frustrated with his obstinence."I won't do it!." Edward replied.Stunned, hurt, rejected. He was reverting back to his old self once more. The Edward that doesn't listen."What?..why not?!""Because it's not your choice, Bella!''Edward snapped. He took a moment to calm down. "Do you even hear yourself?, change me or I die. That's them Bella, that what they want for you, for themselves! The Volturi care nothing of you. They are taking away your choice, can't you see that? They are forcing us to take away your soul, I won't do it."My soul, my soul, my soul..."Wrong, I said, change me or your family dies!'' I snapped back. "Your family Edward! You remember them don't you? Alice, Carlisle, Esm, Emmett, Jasper, and Rose... they will die! Edward Am I worth that? Is my soul worth that?!"I shouted back"YES!" Edward roared, and then fell to his knees. He had a look of shame over the admission, but also a look of determination to finish his reply. "Yes, you are worth that. To me you are worth it all."This was the third time Edward placed me before all else. He was arrogant and pigheaded at times, but he loved me more than anything, that was clear. Stunned to tears at that realization, I fell to my knees beside him. I slowly reached up and caress his pained expression. I watched as it very slowly evaporates to one of contentment. And then I said the only thing that I could think of.''I love you too."[End Chapter]A/N: This chapter was re-written on 01/09/2014. Stick around everything gets better. Even the writing. lol.TAKE THE CHALLENGE: If you don't like this story by chapter 5, then you have my permission to stop. But I doubt that will be the case.Questions, comments, thoughts and reflections can be posted below. Like I said. I'm doing a complete rewrite of the twilight series beginning at the end of New Moon, and continuing till the end of Eclipse. I have no aspirations to continue beyond that at the present moment in time. But I'm sure the inspiration to continue will come towards the end. We'll see. [UPDATE: I AM IN FACT WRITING A SEQUEL CALLED 'HORIZON'. I AM 8 CHAPTERS DEEP ALRDY, SO YEAH!]My reasoning behind my motives are simple ones. I have read and read and read fanfics. They all have something I like, but not one had the complete package. A story by Jmolly came the closest, but even that failed to deliver in the end. It was also Jmolly that told me that if I want the perfect story...then write it myself. I shat a couple of bricks [nerves] then said eff it!So, that is why you have NEW ECLIPSE. [I'm not one to back down from a challenge] So please comment. I won't be changing anything. Because like Jmolly told me, If you want your perfect story, write it!
