DISCLAIMER - I DON'T OWN TWILIGHT, STEPHANIE MEYER DOES.Hope you enjoy this fic. It will be short. Please review to let me know how I did :DI set aside the last manuscript I had to go through for the day and sighed in relief. Today had been pretty hectic. I had been working as Commissioning Editor for Newton Publishing for a few months now, but I could not remember another day like this. It started off with a meeting in the morning, where no one seemed to be able to agree on anything. I was grateful for having been able to get the approval on a manuscript that I was championing, but then nothing is worth going through my colleague Jessica's presentation on her friend's erotica novel that she wanted us to publish. Our boss, Mike Newton, was her fuck buddy because of him, we had to sit and endure the little slut go on and on.Then I had a pile of new manuscripts read and edit because Mike's sister, Lauren, who was also an editor, couldn't be bothered to come to work today and thought it would be ok to unload her job on me. But now, finally, it was 5 o'clock and I was free to go home. I was definitely in no mood to cook tonight. Edward was going to have to manage with takeout. He would never complain though and I loved him all the more for it. Esme had raised her son to be a wonderful man and now, he was all mine. I didn't know that a fall down the stairs would lead me to such a perfect man.2 years ago"Ow ow ow ow !" I groaned, clutching my ankle as I sat on the lumpy hospital bed."Oh Bella ! I am sorry you are hurting, but don't you think you should be used to the pain by now ? I mean, c'mon, this is, what, your hundredth trip to the ER ?" my supposed 'best friend' Angela teased me."Shut up, Angela." I barked at her.She laughed. At my pain. Such Good friends I had. Well, at least she brought me here. But I am sure she was more disappointed at the cancellation of her shopping trip due to my clumsy self rather than my injury.At that moment, the curtain was pulled back and I looked into the eyes of the most beautiful man I had ever seen. He was tall- definitely over 6 feet, with striking emerald eyes and unruly copper hair. Sharp jaw line and full lips with a complexion as pale as mine. I stared at him, my mouth suddenly dry. It took me a moment to notice that he seemed to be staring at me too. We both gawked at each other and said nothing, until Angela broke the spell by clearing her throat. Damn her.He blinked once and came closer. It was then I noticed that he was wearing scrubs and had a chart in his hand. Holy shit ! This was my doctor ? How come I never saw this god-like man before ? "You are Isabella Swan ?" he asked. I swear my heart started beating faster at the way my name fell from his lips. He had an amazing voice, warm and soft and deep all at once.Since I was still in a daze, Angela answered him. Bless her. "Yes and I am her best friend Angela. ""Hello, I am Dr. Edward Cullen. So your ankle's bothering you, Isabella ?""Bella" I corrected him. "Yeah, I fell down the stairs. It has been hurting really bad. I am pretty much a certified klutz."He chuckled as he read my chart. " I can see that. You've taken quite a few trips here. Well it is bruised and swollen but doesn't look like you've broken a bone, but we should get an X-ray just in case." He called for the nurse. "Carmen will take you up to radiology and I'll see you with your scans then.""Ok. Thanks.""You are welcome." He said with a crooked smile that almost stopped my heart and then moved on to the next patient."Holy crap Bella ! That is one fine piece of a man !" Angela said as nurse Carmen helped me into a wheelchair."Angela !" I hissed at her in mortification as Carmen snickered."Oh c'mon ! He was totally checking you out. You two were staring at each other like anything and I thought if I didn't break it up, you were going to jump him right there, broken ankle or not !"I blushed and didn't reply because I knew she would go on and on if I said anything in denial.Thankfully, she shut up after that. I got my X-ray done and Carmen brought me back to the bed. I thanked her and then Angela started all over again. I closed my eyes and shut her out until I heard that velvet voice again and my eyes shot open. Angela went to fill out the paperwork, and with a not-so-subtle wink, left us alone."Oh you are back." He seemed to be happy at that. "Let me look at the films. Hmm, you're lucky it's not a fracture. Just a sprain, though a bad one at that. It should take a couple of weeks for the swelling to go down but you should be fine. I am just going to bandage it and prescribe you anti-inflammatory medicine. Take it twice a day for a week and after that, you can take Tylenol if you feel pain." He wrote out the prescription and handed it to me. As he did, our hands brushed just for a second, but I felt an exhilarating spark run through my arm. My eyes widened and I looked up at him only to find him staring back at me with wide eyes.There was an uncomfortable silence as he bandaged my foot tightly. I was blushing at his touch and looked everywhere but him. When he was done, he stood up and just stood there for a moment. I had no idea what to say but luckily he beat me to it."This is all done. Come back if the swelling doesn't begin to go down in 2 days or if it hurts despite the medication. So, um. I don't normally do this with a patient, but, um I think you are very beautiful and er I really would like to ask you out. I mean, if you don't mind you could give me your number and I can call you and er.we could go out on a date and then oh I mean only if you don't mind. If it makes you uncomfortable, then of course you don't have to do it."He was so adorable, all nervous and blabbering, his expression getting more frustrated with each word he said. I put my hand on his to shut him up and put him out of his misery."I would like that." I told him. He grinned and gave me his phone so I could program my number into it. He gave me his number too and promised to call me this weekend. Then he took my hand in his and pressed his lips to my knuckles."Talk to you soon Bella"I smiled and blushed at the unexpected gesture. "I'll wait for your call.""Awwww" Angela said and clapped her hands together, smiling widely.I flushed even more and we both bade goodbye to my sexy doctor as we left the hospital.I smiled at that memory. We did go out that weekend and it was the best date of my life. We called or texted each other everyday and went out again several times, whenever we could due to his busy schedule. After 2 weeks of dating, he asked me to be his girlfriend and I agreed with an embarrassing Angela-like squeal. We said our "I love you's" just over two months after that. And I moved in with him on our 6-month anniversary. Angela never failed to remind me with an "I told you so" on all of these occasions. In fact, she even said it in her Maid of Honor speech at our wedding, a year and a half after our first meeting.We have been married for over seven months now and I could not be happier. Life was perfect. I had a job I loved (except some of my colleagues) and a husband who made me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world. I couldn't have asked for anything better.Just as I was about to leave the office, my phone rang."Hello ?""Is this Isabella Cullen ?""Yes ?""Mrs. Cullen, I am calling from Seattle West Hospital. Your husband has been in a car accident and has been brought in. You need to come as soon as you can ma'am."Thanks for reading ! Leave me some comments in the box below...
