Second chance"So Bella, how did it go last night?" My coworker and my friend Alice asked."What part?" I asked leaning on the table and filling out a paper for one of my patients."Oh please, you know what part." She said and I chuckled."Um, it was ok I guess." I said looking up at her and shrugging my shoulders."What? That's it? Come on their had to be more." She whined."He's not my type. I mean he's a nice guy butI don't know. Something about him makes me feel uneasy." I confessed."But James is so hot!" She said and I glared at her."There is more to someone than just looks. Yeah he's good looking, but like I said. He makes me feel uneasy." I told her and she rolled her eyes."And by the way, don't let Jasper catch you calling one of our coworkers hot." I teased and she laughed getting up from the rolling chair and picking up her clipboard."Oh Jazzy knows he's the only one for me." She said with a smile and walking away to check on her patient. I took a deep breath and sit where Alice was sitting and continue to fill out my papers. When I was done I got up and walked into one of my patients rooms."How are we doing today Mrs. Smith?" I asked as I looked through her clipboard. When I was done I looked up at her and she gave me a small smile. I walked up to her heart monitor and made sure she was still stable."Everything seems to be going well, the doctor will come in to check on you in just a moment." I told her with a smile. She nodded her head.Mrs. Smith is 64 years old and had a heart attack about three days ago. She was rushed to the hospital and automatically sent to the icu. The doctors tried there hardest to save her life and gladly they did. She was still in the icu because doctors haven't given the ok for her to go into a normal hospital room.As I was about to leave Dr. Rogers came in and tapped me on the shoulder."Thank you Bella." He told me and I smiled. As I walked out of the room I felt my phone vibrate. I picked it up and read that I had a new patient in room 12. They told me it was code blue so I ran to the room as fast as I could. When I got there Dr. Newton was already there working on the patient. He ordered me to do some things and I quickly did as ordered.As I moved around the room picked up the patients clipboard to understand exactly when I'm working with.Edward Cullen:Born August 12, 1986:Male:Car crash:Blood type: O-When I finished reading his information I walked closer to him and tried to help the doctor with trying to get a reaction from him."I see no reactions doctor." I said and he opened Edwards eyes and checked both with a small flashlight"He's unconscious. Lets get him in for a cat scan and then we can go from there. Bella, don't leave his side." Dr. Newton told me. I nodded my head and began to check Edwards's heartbeat, pulse and pressure.Just when I was about to check his pulse his heart monitor began to race rapidly."Crap." I said under my voice and just as soon as I said that the monitor went flat."Alice!' I shouted when I saw her pass by."Go get doctor newton now! Go!" I told her and she quickly ran to go get him."Come on, don't die on me." I said once again under my voice. I quickly ripped his top off and began to do cardiac arrest. I need to get a heart beat again."1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14." I continued until I called out for more help."Edwin!" I shouted and he quickly came to my side."Go get me the defibrillator." I said and he stared at me confused."But you cantwhat about dr. Newton?" He asked and I shook my head."He's not here right now, Alice is looking for him and this man cant wait any longer. Ill have to do it, go!" I told him and he quickly ran to get the machine.I was trained for situations like this, but it doesn't mean they get any easier. My hands were shaking and I was beginning to sweat. Someone's life is in my hands as of right now and I refused to let him die.Once Edwin came back with the machine I quickly did what I had to do and then placed both paddles on the patients chest."Clear!" I said and once his body jumped up from the shock. I looked at his monitor and the line was still flat."Again." I told Edward and he nodded his head."Clear!" I repeated and once again his body jumped up. I looked at his monitor and once again saw that the line was flat."Come on, come on!" I said becoming even more nervous but doing what I had to do."Again!" I told Edwin."Clear!" I said and Edwards body jumped. When I checked his monitor this time, I saw a heart beat."Ok, ok, good, good." I said to myself and when I passed the paddled to Edwin, in came doctor Newton."Bella, what happened? I'm sorry that stupid elevator decided to become stuck. How's the patient?" He said quickly walking to Edward."He went into cardiac arrest, I did what I could but then I had to use the defibrillator." I said and he looked at me surprised."Wow, really?" He said. He seemed very impressed."Very good job Bella. Go relax a bit." He said and I nodded my head. When I left the room I sat down and took a deep breath."Bella! What happened?" Alice asked me as she sat next to me."I just saved a life." I said in shock."I had to use the defibrillator. I thought he was going to die, but I couldn't just wait until Dr. newton came in."Wow Bella, that's amazing! I mean yeah scary but you saved a life, you should feel excited about that." She said and I smiled and looked at her."Yeah I guess. I'm still shaking though." I said and Alice giggled."Come, lets go get something to eat in the cafeteria.After Alice and I finished our lunch, we headed back to the icu and continued our jobs. I had to check up on a few patients and then I had to head back to Edward Cullen. When I finished with the others and made sure they had their medicine I headed to my last patient. As I walked in I saw two people there. A woman. She had brown hair and beautiful hazel eyes. She was sitting next to Edward holding his hand. She had a few tears running down her face as she stared at him. The other person was a man. He had blonde hair and bright green eyes. He was touching the woman's shoulders and the rim of his eyes were red, showing that he was also crying a few minuets ago."Hello." I said in a soft voice and they both looked up at me. The woman quickly got up and walked towards me."Hi, Are you Edwards doctor?" She asked and I shook my head."No, I'm his nurse for this shift. I'm here just to see how he's doing."How has he been so far? We heard about what happened earlier." The man said."Um, yes. Well that was defiantly a scare for us but I quickly did what I had to do and soon enough I got a heart beat again." I told them."Thank you so much for saving my sons life." The woman said and gave me a hug that caught me by surprise."Honey, please." The man said pulling her off me. I gave her a sweet smile."Don't worry about it. Its my job." I said and they both smiled."I'm Esme Cullen by the way. And this is his father Carlisle Cullen." She said and I shook both their hands."Nice to meet you both. I'm Bella." I said and they smiled."Just give me a few moments to check on him if you don't mind." I said and they both nodded their head and left the room. I closed the door and began to check the basic things. Everything seemed to be stable. As I continued to check his vitals I noticed some movement. I looked down at him and saw that he was groaning and moving his head slowly side to side. I walked closer to him to see if he was fully waking up when he slowly started to open his eyes. Once he completely opened that I gasped.His eyes.His eyes were so green. Like nothing I've ever seen before. Brighter than his dads. They were beautiful."Relax, your going to hurt yourself." I said as I looked at him. He looked around upset and confused."Wherewhere am i? Who are you?" He asked in a low raspy voice. I looked at his heart monitor and saw that it was starting to race."Ok Edward, I need you to please relax." I told him in a calm voice. He continued to stare at me and then his eyes went wide."Oh my god. The car crash. The roads were slippery and I lost control and i-" He said but I cut him off."Don't think about that now. Just try to calm down." I said as I decided I should sedate him so he could just sleep and relax a bit."Can you just tell me what happened?" He asked and I looked at him."You need your rest. We are trying to make you better so that you can leave soon." I told him with a smile as I saw his eyes begin to get heavy. Eventually he fell asleep and I left the room. His parents were sitting down and when I walked out they stood up."Well good news, he woke up. But he was becoming a bit frantic and he's very confused as to what is going on and why he's here so I had to sedate him. He'll be up in a few hours." I told them and they smiled. Once again Mrs. Cullen hugged me and I giggled."Thank you for saving my son Bella." She said as she moved back and I smiled at her."Really, you don't have to thank me." I said and she smiled."Well we'll be in his room and wait until he wakes up if that's ok." She said and I nodded my head."That's perfectly fine. I'll come back later to check on him." I said with a smile and walked away as they began to walk into Edwards room.I really hop you guys enjoy this first chapter! I'm really excited about this story and I really, really hope you guys will review it and let me know what you think about it! XoXo
