Well hello there my pretties and welcome to my lovely crazy mind.WARNING: Delving inside mind of this writer can be DANGEROUS, and, will leave you confused, shock and utterly dismayed. May cause crying, laughter, pitying of all kinds, and furious blinding anger. Disclaimer: I own nothing all recognized characters Belong to Stephanie Meyers; However when she turned her back I took them on an emotional rollercoasterWith out further ado "I Need a Favor"Em POVRing ring ring"Hello, Oh hey mom." Calling again, I see we literally just got off the phone three hours ago."Oh sweeties are you still coming home for your break I feel like I haven't seen you in ages.""Mom you saw me last month when you and dad had that layover." Really, mom really you have asked me that like five times last time."So I want to see my baby so are you coming home or not." She said in her sweet but stern voice"Yes mom of course I'm coming who else is going to feed me all my favorites' meals the right way?""Emmett will you stop thinking with your stomach, now my friend Carrie's daughter is also coming home this week in I thought it will be just delightful for you two to meet. They haven't lived in the area long, they only moved here to be close to her: so I thought it will just swell if you showed her around she a very nice sweet girl you too will just get along perfect." Aw great mom and her supposed match making skills strike again how the heck am I suppose to get out this one."Mom, please don't this again lets not forget what happen last time remember." I shudder at the memory."well that girl was not who I thought she was I've meet Julie on numerous times she's a little shy but I think you'll like her so I'll just tell her mom that you volunteered to show her around during your break from school. She's a little worried that she wont make friends since she spent so little time here ya know." How do I get out of this?"Yeah mom that's not going to really work cause um.""What do mean its not going to work you has not even met her em give shot at least.""I can be her friend but nothing more that would be disrespectful.""Disrespectful what that suppose to mean.""It means that I don't think my um girlfriend will like the idea of me dating another girl on school break." The line went silent did she hang up damn she probably doesn't even believe me"Hello Mom are you there still.""WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME YOU HAD A GIRLFRIEND?""I um mom the relationship is still kinda new it's to soon.""How long?""What?""You heard me young man how long?""Just a few months that's all""I think that's long enough bring her home with you." Ah crap!"Mom I just said it's too soon.""Emmett I was not asking, you will bring her home. Your father and I will see the BOTH of you in a few days. Bye sweetie I can't wait to meet her."Click!Aw crap how in the hell am I suppose to out of this, why did I lie, why didn't I say a few weeks instead of months. SHIT! I yell I am going to be in so much trouble if I don't show up with a girlfriend mom will know I lied and then make go out with her friends daughter.Knock knock knock!"Em open up it's me and I got food!"I ran to the door in saw my best friend Bella outside the door holding a larger brown bag with what smelt like Chinese inside."Ready to chow down I got sesame seed chicken in lo mien for in rice for me with a handful of egg rolls."She brushed right passed me in began setting up the food on my desk."What's wrong, you usually are pushing me out the way by now.""I lied to my mom in now it's about to catch up me and she's going to flip out and then make me go out with her friend daughter unless.""Unless what?" she said while crossing her arms across her chest she already knew I was about to ask something."I Need a Favor!"Well there ya go not really much of a cliff hanger but this story will get going very fast I only think its going to be around ten maybe twenty chapters at the most it was just buzzing around in my head in this was the solution to the crazy.Sincerely, Jo Jo MassacreP.S My other story Captured will take precedence over this one in my update track for that one is not good but I will probably update them at the same time. 
