Author's Note: I have imagined Bella here as Kaya Scodelario, not Kristen Stewart. Though, if you are more comfortable with K Stew as Bella, it's fine. It won't change much. Bella is still Bella. That, and I have changed some things, added, subtracted and what not in the original Twilight novel. (I haven't read any Twilight books either. I'm hoping Wiki has enough info)Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephanie Meyer.Aro, Marcus, Caius sat on their respective thrones. The ancient vampires sat motionless, save for Aro the ancient sitting in the middle- who drummed his slender, pale fingers in no particular rhythm. He was growing impatient. Aro had just sent his royal guards to eliminate a nearby werewolf pack in the vicinity a few miles from Voltera. Aro and his brothers were careful of their rule and reputation in the vampire world. And one does not simply tolerate filthy, flee-bringing dogs to set foot anywhere near their alleged territory. Aro couldn't bear the thought of such dirty creatures existing. And that is only to put it simply, Caius, his brother and fellow ruler, had a more inconceivable hate for the creatures. Caius completely loathed their sheer existence, and whenever had the chance, he had his own "pleasurable" way with the foul creatures, and that would be put simply to torture for days, and days until he would grow uninterested of them. Then he would consider ending their lives, an evidence for of his so-called "mercy".At last, a small blond wrapped in red cloak appeared in their chambers, bowing "Report, Jane dear," Aro demanded in an eerie smile.Jane raised her head, showing her crimson eyes and replied, "The foul beasts have been successfully terminated, my Lords."Aro gave a grin filled with pride, "Outstanding, nothing less of a Volturi guard.""My Lords, if I may speak.""Speak, child," Aro answered."I believe, I have found my mate"Aro stood up from his throne and appeared in front Jane extending his hand in one swift motion. Jane complied, letting Aro hold her hand palms.Aro's eyes beamed, "What a joyous occasion! Pray child, where is your mate?""He is asleep, my Lord" Jane faltered.Aro let go of her hand and went back to his throne. "When do you intend on turning him?""Once he is well," Jane replied. "I ask for a leave, my Lords. I have a task to be done."Aro waved his hand dismissively, "Yes, yes. Do what you must."Jane bowed and exited the throne room. As she did, a man in the same red cloak appeared from the shadows, bowing, "My Lords," he greeted."What news do you bring servant?" Aro said devoid of emotion.The Volturi guard stood from his position. His lips moved in a fast motion; no words came out.Marcus remained stoic. Caius eyes were filled with rage, but he remained silent, hands forming in a fist, knuckles whitened. Aro's frown immediately turned to a grin. He chuckled in amusement and said, "My, my, that changes everything."Jane moved in haste. She knew she didn't have a second to spare. She raced through the corridors of the Volturi castle in vampire speed; being careful not to be seen by the others. She needed help. There wasn't anyone not loyal to the Volturi kings within their rule. Except for one.Jane stopped and stared at the huge doors that stood in front of her. She inhaled unneeded breaths. She then slowly entered the room. As expected there was no one there.Jane let out a breath and bowed, "Princess of the Volturi, I am in need of your help."There was no answer. But Jane could feel someone  someone circling around her."Please, Princess" this time she stood up.Finally a voice came. It almost sounded so musical- as smooth as silk. Attractive - tempting- like any vampire voice should be. The voice answered, "Why?"A pause.Jane could feel it circling again."Why should I help you, Jane?"It sounded as though Jane's name was spat. "I have had my own fair share of torture during my mortal life. And majority of that 'fair share' came from you"The circling finally stopped; a figure materializing somewhere. Jane felt something snake around her. Her body went stiff. In human sensation, it felt like her body was cemented. Her arms, legs, hands  her whole body, immobile. A sharp object pointed just behind her neck. Jane felt the slight burn whenit came contact to her skin. The object was made of venom. She felt a cold breath caress her cheek. "Tell me, why should I help the likes of you?""Because you want to be rid of the Volturi as much as I do"Immediately, Jane felt release. She started flexing her hands discretely. She took the release as a form of confirmation to her request. And she was right. The Princess Volturi showed herself, already wrapped in a red cloak. Jane bowed."Thank you, Princess," Jane said under her breath gratefully."You may call me by my first name""As you wish, Bella"Jane and Bella stalked the halls of quietly. With Bella's abilities, they moved from shadow to shadow without being noticed even by the Volturi guards themselves. Finally, Jane stopped. "My mate. He is in that room," she said, pointing at what seemed to be a door of a dungeon.The Princess smirked. She scanned the door of what was known to be the most impervious place, even for vampires. No Vampire could get in, or out of the dungeon without burning, or suffering the poison from its own venom. The cell had one purpose, and one purpose only newborns  newly made vampires who had no control whatsoever of their inhuman strength and an impossibly unquenchable blood lust. They would be kept there for who knows how long, until they have calmed down. "I see now as to why you need my help"Jane didn't shy away. There was no point in lying. Yes, the vampires themselves could not enter and exit said dungeon, but The Volturi Princess was an exemption. Her powers made her able to do so. "Nothing less of a Volturi guard", Bella mused."You sound very much like your father, Princess" Bella glared at the petite blonde. But she broke her deathly glare from Jane when she saw flashed images playing in the back of her head."Princess," a guard called entering her room, "We are here to-" the guard stopped midway. His facial expression scrunched, his nostrils flaring inhaling the scents that lingered in the room. He turned his attention back to the Princess and continued, "She has been here. Where is she, where is Jane Volturi?"The Princess opened her mouth to answer but she felt a pair of strong hands gripping the sides of her temples. A loud crackling sound was heard. The Princess felt her body drop to the floor."What have you- the Princess-you-""Fool! Do not waste your breath; she is merely her Princess' shadow" a gruff voice hissed. "They are still here in the castle. Search the perimeters!" she heard him order. Then everything faded.Bella gave a chuckle. "It seems they have found out. We must be of haste"Bella tipped her head a little to the direction of the door. Jane nodded. Bella nodded back in return. "Be back before you can say-" Bella disappeared, then reappeared again holding a limp boy cradled in her arms, smirking. "-Princess"She handed the limp boy to Jane carefully saying, "It seems your mate has caught a fever"Jane quickly placed her palm against the teen's forehead, her alarmed look further concluded Bella's words. Jane's face was filled with worry and uncertainty as she looked across Bella. "Do not worry," Bella assured. "I know someone who can help. But I doubt you will like the thought"Jane frowned. She did not know what the Princess- er, Bella- was thinking. The only thing she was certain was that she knew when Bella told her she wouldn't like it; she knew she wouldn't like it. But there was not much time at hand. There were already hundreds of trained, deadly, vampires already heading their way and she could inflict pain on them only in handfuls. More so, she had to worry about her mate's increasing temperature. She had no choice but to agree. Jane nodded. "Splendid," Bella grinned, her crimson eyes having its own twisted gleam. Black smoke surrounded the three of them and they were gone.A doe and its fawn were grazing in the meadow when a black smoke spiraled up from the ground. Two dark figures emerged from the materializing smoke; ruby-red eyes pierced through the dark mist like stars. Startled, the doe and its fawn scurried away to the opposite direction. The two figures immediately moved further in the forest. As they passed, every leaf danced as if a gentle breeze flew by them.Jane hissed as they drew close to a mansion that neared in the forest, few miles away from the human populace. There was only one coven of vampires that lived in such a place. And the vampire coven residing there was not anywhere near Jane's liking. "Why are we here?" she demanded. Not a few moments ago, Bella had them teleported in a small town, the humans called Forks. What an idiotic thing to name a place, Jane thought."To have your mate helped," Bella replied matter-of-factly. "Is that not what you wanted?""It is. But why here?""Face it. Carlisle is the only vampire who cares and knows much of the weak humans. His family as absurd as it is feed on animal blood. This is the only place where your mate will be safe",Bella said emphasizing each word. "Besides, the Volturi will least expect us here"Jane hated to admit it, but Bella was right  about everything. "Let's just get this over with," she muttered.As the two cloaked nomads exited the forest in to a clearing, a coven of seven was already there standing wait at their arrival. They stood in pairs; a blonde beside a brunette, beside them was a man with curly locks and a raven haired pixie beside him. A couple stood upfront and right beside them was a copper haired boy. All had one thing in similar aside from the subtle glow of their skin under the sun; their hazel colored eyes tracing every movement of the two nomads."To what do we owe the pleasure that the Volturi Princess herself come to visit us?" came a fairly young looking 'man' with eyes of golden color."We are no longer allied with the Volturi," Bella said plainly. She then turned to Carlisle and said, "We seek your medical knowledge, Carlisle""Prove it" demanded a lad with a crooked smirk.Bella raised her brow. "I believe Jane's thoughts have cleared everything, Edward""Yes, but yours does not," Edward growled."What does she mean, Edward?" the woman beside Carlisle asked."I cannot read her, Esme" Edward growled, again. With that, everyone positioned themselves for a fight save for a certain raven haired pixie who seemed to be quite intrigued by the Princess."Now, now, no need of that," Bella smiled. "We just wish for Carlisle's assistance""Prove it," Edward hissed."Okay," Bella's patience was growing thin. "We have come here for Carlisle's medical assistance. If Jane and I had more intention than that in mind, you all would either be writhing in pain, or your heads already decapitated. Starting with you, telepath."Bella was about to demonstrate how she had meant every word when a bell-like voice interrupted her from doing so."We believe you, Princess," the pixie smiled. "My brother here is just too much of an ass to do so."Edward glared at his sister, "Alice," he said mentally scolding her. Alice just rolled her eyes in response."Glad to know at least one of you isn't a complete ass," Bella smirked."Yes, yes, we are all happy. Yey," Jane mock-cheered while still cradling the boy in her arms. "Will the doctor kindly check on my mate now?"All eyes turned to Jane in surprise, then to Bella, but she remained stoic."Of course, this way," Carlisle ushered. Seeing Jane's worried look, Carlisle added with a reassuring smile, "No need to worry. I will do what I can. Seth is in good hands"
