A/N It's been over two years I think since I've posted on FanFic. It's good to be home3 This is just a little idea at the moment, it could develop into something bigger if that is what y'all want. Inspired by "The Vow". Just let me know what you think in reviews :) Enjoy!-LDisclaimer: I do not own any of the characters, all rights go to Stephanie Meyer.BPOVAn old song by Sara Bareilles was playing on the radio, something about a Love Song. I couldn't help but smile and nod my head along to the catchy tune. My smiling and head bobbing naturally developed into a full belter of a chorus as I drove along the main road, admiring the neon lights that made late-night Port Angeles look a lot more exciting than it was. The manager of bookstore that I worked in, my boss, had asked me to lock up, so it was later and darker than it usually was when I began the half-hour journey home to La Push. I was anxious to get home, to see the man that held my a an intersection I met a red light. I quickly whipped out my phone and sent a text:Hey baby, Sorry I'm so late, boss asked me to stay and close up. On my way home now, I'll see you soon! xxxA little honk behind me made me aware that the light had turned green, so I quickly sent the message and drove on. Straight into a car coming down the hill that was obviously planning to run a red , he ran my car into the ground, and the world went black.The first thing I realized when I opened my eyes was that I was not in a room familiar to me. In fact, I had no idea where I was. I heard a cough somewhere to my right, and my eyes darted over, looking for the source of the noise. I was met with the smiling face of a woman in a white coat and holding a clipboard. Beside her stood a tall and incredibly handsome stranger with dark eyes and almond-colored skin. His hair was disheveled and almost white-coat woman cleared her throat again, capturing my attention."I'm sorry if we startled you," she said, and I pressed my lips into a tight line."Where am I?" I asked timidly. The woman looked at me seriously through her glasses."You're in the hospital, in Seattle," she told me, and I sucked in a small breath. The hospital? What on earth was I doing there? The woman, who I could now assume was my doctor, must have realized my confusion. She sat in a chair next to the bed I was lying on and scribbled something on the clipboard."My name is Dr. Olive. You were in an accident," she told me. This was news to me. The last thing I remembered was, well, I didn't even know."I'm going to ask you a few questions, okay?" she said gently, and I nodded. I needed to know what was going on. The woman peered at her clipboard, and then at me."What's your name?" she asked. I furrowed my brows a little, trying to find the most important of details: my name."Bella," I said. Dr Olive nodded and wrote something down."Tell me your date of birth, Bella," was the next question. This took a little digging."September 13th, 1987," I declared. Dr Olive continued to write."Do you feel any pain at all, Bella? What is the last thing you remember?" I assessed my condition. I felt a moderate headache, but nothing more."My head hurts a little. I don't remember anything, I don't know," I said. The doctor nodded. I looked up at the men standing behind her. The man who I didn't recognize looked at me with concern, and tutted. Dr Olive turned to face him, back to me."So when can I take her home, Doc?" he asked impatiently, still giving me soft eyes. This was where my confusion set in. Take me home? Home where? Who was this man?"I still want to run some tests to make sure everything is alright. It may take a few hours at most, and then she's free to go," the doctor told him."Hold up, I don't know him. Where are my parents? I want to go home," I said firmly, sitting up. Dr Olive's head whirled back around to look at me sharply. The strange man's eyes bulged, and he took a step forward, reaching for my hand. I yanked it out of his reach, and coiled away from him."Bella, it's me," he said desperately."I don't know you! Get away from me! Where are my parents? Who are you?!" I exclaimed, rising to a scream. I tried to rise up out of the bed, only to discover I had several tubes going inside my body. I desperately clawed at them, trying to get out. The doctor rushed to my side and laid a hand on my shoulder."Bella, calm down, and sit," the doctor ordered. I obliged, now very confused and scared."Bella, who is that man over there?" the doctor asked, gesturing to the strange man."I don't have a clue. I have never met him in my life," I said, sighing. I had just realized how tired I was. The strange man stepped forward again, capturing my gaze."Bella, baby, it's me, Paul. Your husband."A/N Don't forget to review, alert, and PM me if you have an questions at all. Also, I've never ever had a beta before, so if somebody would like to explain to me what that's all about and even be one, that'd be fab. Okay, night my dears3-L
