Hey guys so this is a new story i have been messing around with for sometime, Just thought i would post this, see if you guys think its worth a read if so all keep writing itThis is a Carlisle/Daughter story but will include all Cullen family, i don't wont to just jump into her meeting him so for awhile it will lead you through her life until she finds him All couples will be normal, just with a few extra couples/characters If any of you read my 'sisters' story that was posted some time back, then you will know what i mean when i say it will be a hybrid story:) Let me know what you thinkFantasy Girl xoxoxImmortal TearsMy mother Lucy Summers was born October 17th 1640 on a small farm in the North of England to her parents Robert and Sarah. She was the youngest of two children her brother Richard Summers was 8 years older than her and very much the protective big brother.He was tall and strong like her father, with clear blue eyes that felt out of place with his curls of brown hair, she was he mother, dark brown eyes framed by brown curls, porcelain skin and lips of pure red. A beauty from the day she was born and the envy of young girls in her town.They grew up on the farm in the middle of no where, a mile from the nearest town but they loved it. He was her best friend and big brother. They had a simple life yet it was filled with so much happiness and love. However when she was 12 years old their parents died in a freak storm. Her brother, being the oldest and not willing to look weak decided he would take care of her they remained in the family home and run the farm together, he knew that having his little sister living with him, would mean he would find it harder to find a wife and start his own family but he loved her and would have never been so selfish.So for many years they lived on that farm and they were happy, he would do the hardest of work and she would tend to the animals, or pick the fruit.When she was 19 years old she met my father. A young man who came to the farm to work His name was Carlisle Cullen and he had come from the city in search of a peaceful life away from the pressure and pushy father that he left behind. His father, a very religious man had wanted his son to follow in his steps into the service of God, whilst Carlisle was a religious man, and his faith and soul would forever be in his Lords hands, he had dreams of seeing the world around him. His father had given him the chance, he was to leave and find his path but if he ever returned then he would follow in his steps and be the man his father believed he should be, so Carlisle agreed and with a heart filled with adventure set off.It wasn't long before they fell in love, she had known from the first moment she saw him that she wanted him. They spent their days side by side without ever showing their love, she did not believe her brother would accept their love so they kept it hidden. Once her brother retired for the evening she would sneak out to find her blonde angel awaiting her in the barn, they would spend every night in each others arms, holding and sharing the most innocent of kisses, Carlisle wished to marry her before they shared a bed.However with love and passion things never go to plan, a night spent swimming in the river, laughter and kisses they lost themselves in passion and there on the river banks I was conceived. Carlisle had begged for forgiveness once they were once more clear of their passion filled minds and my mother could see the regret on his face, not as making love to her but at giving in and betraying his Lords words.She had felt a little heart broken that he would regret something she held so dear in her heart, but her sadness turned to pure worry and fear as she watched her body change and realised what was coming, she was with child.Believing that Carlisle would regret the child and her brother be ashamed and angry, possibly cruel and force her to terminate the child she loved so much already, she did what she thought was best and ran.She ran North and found work and shelter with a old women who took pity on her. She worked and saved every penny she could until the day I was born. Christmas day 1660, the land was covered in fresh white snow as I came into the world.She tried to make a life for us but she was not able to work and take care of me and the old women could not afford to feed us and home us so she did what she had to and returned home. With worry and shame on her shoulders, she loved me with her heart but I knew that if it had not been for me she would have left her home and love behind.Her brother welcomed her back with open arms and sorrow filled eyes. He was never angry and had searched for her for months. He took one look at me and fell in love with the little niece in his arms. He promised her he would always keep us safe and happy.But then the moment she asked where Carlisle was he knew she would never be happy here again, but he told her the truth. Carlisle had left not long after her, he had left a broken man but left her a letter with a promise form my uncle to pass it on if she should ever return.My Dear Sweet LucyI do not know why you have left me here alone, I fear my actions may have pushed you from me, but I trust you would not do so unless you thought it was rightMy heart is breaking without you my love, this farm holds to many memories of you so I intend to return home, I can not love another as I have you so a life in service of my Lord is my pathKnow that I will forever love you and I hold true to my vows to you and godBe safe, Be happyYours foreverCarlisleThe moment she read the letter she was changed, she withdrew form the world around her and pulled away from the child that looked so much like Carlisle. She turned into a shell of a women and my uncle was left to raise me.My name is Willow May Cullen Summers and this is my story.
