I've been meaning to start this for months now, since I took it down, and now I'm getting around to it since I've reached a stalemate in MOTH. May I present to you, the new and improved Fatally Flawed or, it's new title; Eternamente Imperfetto. I'm going to try to provide more backing to the story, instead of going for flashbacks alone, which means more interaction between Leah and Bella before they became vampires. I want to start a little while after the 'Blank Page' period.A few things that will be different; or the same, is that, while they'll still have the same powers; Bella's shields and control over Air, Fire, Water, Earth, and Spirit; as well as the ability to have babies, and Leah's control over Lightning, Telekinesis, and her third unstable ability; which I intend to shed more light on, they won't be Princesses.The Princess thing was something the younger me wanted to have happen. I'm much older and more mature, and it's not happening again. I'm replacing it with a high ranking within the Guard. I'm thinking about having Bella be able to make other female vampires fertile, so that could work in Rose's favor, later on. No more immortal children; yay!They'll also be following a traditional human diet when they become vampires, but they'll switch to animals later on in the story.We're going to start at the beginning of chapter five of New Moon, when Mike tells Bella to take off, and then she'll go to La Push from there. We're going to run the risk and say that Leah is kind of civil with Jake, Embry, Quil, and; of course, Seth.Bella's POV"Alright, if you don't need me."I let the sentence hang as I gathered up my things and headed out into the misting rain to my truck. I didn't bother to wait for an answer, my mind was elsewhere. As I numbly stuck my key in the ignition and started up my truck, I realized that I didn't want to go back home.(A/N: This next part is a particularly long passage from New Moon. I tried to cut it short, but the whole thing went hand in hand, and I couldn't leave any of it out.)I didn't want to go back to Charlie's empty house. Last night had been particularly brutal, and I had no desire to revisit the scene of the suffering. Even after the pain had subsided enough for me to go to sleep, it wasn't over. Like I'd told Jessica after the movie, there was never any doubt that I would have nightmares.I always had nightmares now, every night. Not nightmares really, not in the plural, because it was always the same nightmare. You'd think I'd get bored after so many months, grow immune to it. But the dream never failed to horrify me, and only ended when I woke myself up with screaming. Charlie didn't come in to see what was wrong anymore, to make sure there was no intruder strangling me or something like thathe was used to it by now.My nightmare probably wouldn't even frighten someone else. Nothing jumped out and screamed, "Boo!" There were no zombies, no ghosts, no psychopaths. There was nothing, really. Only nothing. Just the endless maze of moss-covered trees, so quiet that the silence was an uncomfortable pressure against my eardrums. It was dark like dusk on a cloudy day, with only enough light to see that there was nothing to see. I hurried through the gloom without a path, always searching, searching, searching, getting more frantic as the time stretched on, trying to move faster, though the speed made me clumsy.Then there would come the point in my dreamand I could feel it coming now, but could never seem to wake myself up before it hitwhen I couldn't remember what it was that I was searching for. When I realized that there was nothing to search for, and nothing to find. That there never had been anything more than just this empty, dreary wood, and there would never be anything more for me nothing but nothing(New Moon, pg. 122-123)At this point, I was driving in a fog, not entirely sure of the way I was headed. My reoccurring nightmare had that kind of power over my thoughtsto just take all of my focus and place it elsewhere. The nightmare forced painful memories to resurface in my mind, and made tears burn at the rims of my eyelids; blurring my view of the road ahead.It'll be as if I never existed.Those words. I never knew it was possible to hate seven words as much as I did those seven, in their particular, torturous order. The gaping wound in my chest throbbed, and I could almost imagine the festering hole spreading a horrible, incurable infection throughout the rest of my body.Two warm streams of salt water escaped my left eye, leaving a shining trail on my pale skin. I didn't bother to wipe them away, and felt them run down to the tip of my chin, where they fell carelessly onto my jeans. My vision blurred further as more tears built up, fighting for the chance to escape the burdensome rims of my lower eyelids.I briefly wondered where I was headed, but couldn't find it in me to care. Recklessness, hm? Why should I have to abide by this promise when you broke yours? I wondered, remembering that night as I lay in that hospital bed, battered and broken from my encounter with James"Stay." The word slurred."I will," he promised. His voice was beautiful, like a lullaby. "Like I said, as long as it makes you happy as long as it's what's best for you."(Twilight, pg. 479)I didn't know how I could remember that; what with my brain being so addled with a mixture of drugs and the leftover pain wracking my body, but I did and it only made the pain worse. With numb, shaking hands, I pulled off of the road, put my truck in park, and leaned over the steering wheel, sobbing fitfully.A soft knock on the window brought me out of my emotional fit, and I looked outside with puffy, bleary eyes, "huh?"A tall, dark skinned girl; obviously Quileute, stood outside of my truck, watching me worriedly. She was beautiful; long, ebony hair down to her waist, large hazel eyes, and an oval shaped face, complete with full lips, a small nose, and arched black eye brows. Though she was on another end of the spectrum when it came to types of beauty, I knew this girl could give Rosalie a run for her money; even though their looks differed so greatly."Hey, are you alright?" She asked in a low, alto voice. Our eyes met, and; strangely enough, understanding lit her face like she knew what I was going through. I unlocked the door and climbed out slowly, and she stepped back to give me room."Uh, hi," I murmured, blushing slightly, "I'm Bella.""Charlie's daughter, huh?" She asked, and then smirked lightly, "I'm Leah Clearwater; nice to put a face to the name.""Harry's your father?" I asked, surprised, and she nodded with a small laugh, "I look like my mother, if you're wondering about the lack of resemblance. What are you doing all the way down here in La Push?""I'm in La Push?" I looked around myself, noting the smaller houses and the dirt roads, "I didn't realize""You parked in front of our house, and my mother saw you crying and sent me out here to investigate." Leah explained, "do you want to come in and refresh a little bit?""I wouldn't want to impose-""You were crying over a guy, weren't you?" I looked at Leah in surprise. Her hazel eyes looked darker, filled with a pain and heartache I knew well. She'd seen the same dark depths that I was now lost in, and she'd survived it. That made her admirable in my eyes."I know how it feels; let's just leave it at that." She told me softly, "Why don't you come in the house and wash your face and everything."I nodded meekly and followed her across the sparse yard to the small two story home. She opened the door and let me in, "Mom?"A woman nearly identical to Leah came out of the kitchen, drying a plate in her hands. She noticed me standing beside her daughter and smiled, "Hi, Bella, I'm Sue Clearwater; Harry's wife."I could definitely tell that she was older than Leah, but she didn't look like it. There were a few laugh lines around her mouth, and the barest hint of a wrinkle at her hairline, but; other than that, she could've passed for Leah's twin. Her hair was up in a bun, but I could tell that it was very long, possibly longer than her daughter's"Nice to meet you." I managed to say, trying; and failing, to form a smile on my lips. She frowned, "you poor thing; would you like to use the bathroom to freshen up?" Tears prickled at my eyelids; she reminded me so much of Esme. I could only nod; the knot in my throat kept me from speaking."It's right back that way, the first door behind the staircase."I hurriedly followed her instructions and shut myself into the bathroom and grabbed onto the sink to steady myself as the tears began falling once again.Leah's POV"She's crying again," I murmured to my mother, and she frowned worriedly, "what's wrong with her?""I think she was the one who that Cullen hooked last year. You know they just left town." I replied, "She was in love with him."Mom placed a hand on her hip, "You should be a therapist, you know. Your ability to pick out these traits is very impressive.""I know because looking at her was like looking in mirror two years ago," I said stiffly, "she's a carbon copy of me when Sam left me."His name tasted vitriolic in my mouth, and I felt the urge to get some mouthwash and rinse out the horrid taste.I was pretty much over it, but there were just some times where I wish I had the money to go to a college far from this Reservationand from himso I could leave it all in my past. It was bad enough that he dumped me flat on my ass, but then he had to end up with my cousin; who was like a sister to me, not even a month after. I'd never felt so betrayed and abandoned in my life.Emily had the right to be happy; I couldn't begrudge her that but did she have to find the happiness she deserved in the man I love? I couldn't be mad at her for doing what she had to do to be happy, but it didn't make it any less painful for me.A few weeks ago, Em came to me and asked me to be her maid of honor; she and Sam plan to get married this summer, and I had to tell her no. It was too soon for me to be able to sit through a ceremony celebrating their love with breaking down. I could take it in small doses, but that; she was asking too much of me.Mom had been irritated with me for that, but Daddy understood; he always did. I love my mom dearly, but sometimes I feel like she'd rather have Emily for a daughter than me; hence the reason why I'm a more of a Daddy's girl.Mom wanted some girly girl who liked to wear skirts, make up, and be on the cheer leading squad and dance team; like Emily. She wanted someone who was soft spoken, polite, and had manners; like, of course, Emily.I; on the other hand, am none of that. I'm brash, I can swear more than any sailor on the seas, I like wearing pants, playing football with the guys, and working on cars with Jacob, Quil, Embry, Paul; when I can stand him, and my little brother, Seth. The only person I would soften for was my brother and my father and Sam; once upon a time, but that ship has sailed."Leah, how many times do I need to say this?" Mom asked, pressing her hand against her cheek, "Sam is with Emily now; you need to learn to live with it.""Mom, I was making an observation about Bella, not confessing my 'undying love' for Sam," I snapped irritably, "you're the one who made it seem that way.""I still don't understand why you couldn't do something nice for your cousin," there she goes with the maid of honor thing, "she's worked so hard that past two years to earn your forgiveness and you just throw all her effort back in her-""Emily has a mom," I cut in, "she doesn't need a second one. You're my mother, not hers, and yet you keep taking her side when I'm the one who was hurt. I have forgiven Emily for what she's done, but I'm just not ready to stand witness to their love. Maybe it would be easier for me if you didn't keep throwing the past in my face!""Don't blame this on me, Leah," Mom narrowed her eyes at me, "you're the one who won't let things go because of your petty jealousy over Emily's happiness and success in life. If you want what she has so badly, why not go find your own happiness and stop souring it for others?""I just said I forgave her, Mom, and I'm still a jealous shrew?" I hissed, "You're such a bitch." I could see her preparing to slap me, but she came up short when a soft voice distracted us."I'm sorry; I'll leave now." Both of us looked up in surprise as timid Bella Swan scurried out of the bathroom, making a bee-line for the front door. I shot my mother a cold look and rushed to stand in front of the door, "Bella, I'm sorry about that; you don't have to leave.""I'm interrupting you; I should just go." She all but whimpered, looking up at me with those sad, brown eyes of hers. She looked like she'd been dragged; emotionally, through the lowest level of Hell. Hell, she looked worse than I did back during the dark days."Would you like to walk down to the beach with me?" I offered, "you look like you could use some fresh air.""Ummm," she began to weigh her options, and then she nodded, "okay. I guess I could." I grabbed a pair of flip flops from beside the front door and put them on before leading the way out of the house. I could tell by the look on my mother's face that we weren't done, but didn't care anymore.Bella's POVI had to practically run to keep up with the exotic Quileute girl, because her legs were so much longer than mine, so one step for her was like three or four for me. Leah smiled apologetically as I stumbled for the millionth time and slowed her pace a bit. I caught up and came into stride with her, waiting for an explanation."I'm sorry about that," she apologized, "I just had to get out of that house. My mom and I there's some kind of a language barrier between us. Every time I say something, she turns it into something totally different.""My mother never really understood me either. We got along, but we were definitely two totally different people," I found myself saying in response, "it was kind of a role reversal. She was the carefree teenager, and I was the mom who made sure everything stayed afloat."Leah frowned, "sounds like a mad house to me." I shrugged, "she worked and provided the money, but I did the bill paying, grocery shopping, cooking, cleaning, and; depending on what job she currently had, did her work for her.""I've never had to do that for my mom; thank the damn powers that be, but," she brushed a few strands of hair out of her face, "she doesn't hear me. We just can't communicate. It's been like this since I was eleven, and it only got worse when I got with Sam; he was a bit too far outside of my age range, and even worse when he left me for Emily. At least you could share the damn air with your mom; I can barely manage that.""You're probably too much alike and your personalities are clashing," I told her quietly, "or maybe she just doesn't want to listen to you.""It feels that way. Even right after Sam dumped me, she was constantly blaming me for my own pain and suffering," her hazel eyes glistened with betrayal and hurt, "and when I found out he was with Emily and I cried over it, she just said I was jealous and congratulated them on their relationship. It was like I was the cousin, and Emily was her daughter.""I'm pouring my guts out, aren't I?" she asked, "I'm sorry; you're very easy to talk to and you listen so well. The only other person who listens to me like this is my Dad.""It's fine, it's not like I have anyone to tell." I mumbled morosely, and Leah looked at me, "What? Why the hell not? You're such a sweet person."Can I really tell her this? Before I knew it, I was opening my mouth and saying, "After after Edward and his family left town, I went into thisI'm not sure what to call ita state of shock; I guess, for a few months, and I lost what few friends I had at school. Some of them still talk to me, but barely.""Well, they're not good friends," Leah said harshly, "they're dumbasses that don't deserve you.""I'm the one who turned into an antisocial pariah," I protested, "They have every right to stop talking to me.""If they really cared, they would've tried to reach out and help you, not leave you hanging." The Quileute girl muttered, "I consider myself lucky to have had my Dad; I never would've made it alone.""The only one who's tried to reach out is Angela." I said, "But I never really listened to her because I was too focused on my pain. I've come out of the coma; somewhat, and I'm trying to reconnect, but I can't undo the damage from those months.""The only thing that matters is that you're willing to try," Leah gave me a soft smile, and then furrowed her brow, "do you know the way back to Forks? Because it looks like you drove here blind.""Uh, no, I really don't," A sheepish smile formed on my lips; the first real smile in months, "I was having a an episode and I just drove.""I'll ask my Dad for the keys to his truck so I can show you the way back to the 101. You think you can find your way from there?" Lean began leading the way back to the parking lot, to her house where my truck was still unceremoniously parked."I know the way back home from there-"A group of rowdy teenage boys burst out of Leah's front door, barely dressed presentably. All of them wore shorts or cutoffs, and a t-shirt or wife beater, and some pair of sneakers or something similar. I couldn't help but smile because all four of them were so happy and carefree unlike me. Something niggled at the back of my mind, but I ignored it and focused on the boys."Hey, Jake, Em, Quil, Seth; I'd like you to meet Bella. Jacob you should already know her." Leah introduced blithely. The smallest one, probably her brother, looked at me, "Bella? Charlie's Bella?""Um, yes; I'm Charlie's Bella." God, it's like the First Beach trip all over again. The kids smiled widely and walked over to me, "Nice to meet you. I'm Seth; Leah's kid brother.""Oh, come off it, twerp," Leah said with a laugh, "stop trying to kiss her ass. I've got to help her get back to her side of the tracks, so we don't have long.""Nice seeing you, Bella," Jake came over to me and gave me a warm hug, "you look good.""Nice to see you, too, Jake," I squeezed him around the middle, "and I see you've been packing on the protein and calcium. What; is there a growth spurt virus going around the rez?""I guess so; even baby Seth has some small guns to show." Jacob, Quil, and Embry laughed as Seth flushed red under his russet skin tone."Oh, leave him alone," I chided gently, "he looks wonderful." Seth beamed, and I could hear Quil and Embry talking about him being a kiss-ass under their collective breath."Do you plan on coming back down to see these morons again?" Leah asked, though I had a feeling she wanted me down here for a different reason, "please say yes, because these dumb asses don't understand that a lone woman will eventual need another female to converse with. All these overgrown brats want to talk about is boobs and the size of their-""Leah, shut up!" Jake crossed his arms over his chest, and I could see a hint of red in the russet of his cheeks. Leah smirked at him, "what? It's not like I'm lying; Mister 5 and a half." His blush worsened, and I could hear the other boys quietly jeering at him."Alright, Bells, let me get the keys, and then we can go." Leah smiled innocently at me and ran into the house, leaving me with the boys."Bella, Bella, Bella," Quil; I think, sauntered towards me and; once he reached me, wrapped his long arm around my shoulder, "I do believe you've made our little group a bit more interesting. I'm Quil Ateara, and that giggling bone head back there is Embry.""Takes one to know one, Ateara." Embry jogged over to us, took my hand, and kissed the back of it, "I'm Embry Call; at your service." I felt warmth in my cheeks as my blush took over my cheeks, "Uh-""Oh, God, I think I just threw up in my mouth," Leah's voice called out, "she's not territory to be marked, you overgrown puppies, so quit hiking up your damn legs on her." She climbed into the rusty blue pick-up truck in the dirt drive way and started it up. Before she could pull out; however, the four boys scrambled into the truck bed."Oh, for crying out loud," she griped, "can't I go any damn place without involuntary hitchhikers?"I laughed as I headed over to my truck and climbed in, quickly putting the key in the ignition and turning on the engine. The Beast roared to life, and I waited for Leah to back out, laughing at the boys whooping loudly in the truck bed.As Leah pulled past me, I pulled into her driveway to turn my truck around and followed her down the main road of the reservation, and out onto the open streets of Forks. I realized that I'd never felt even a twinge from the hole in my chest the entire time I'd been with Leah and the guys, and the thought of that just made me smile.Maybe I can move past the pain.That was the best I could hope for, because I knew that I'd never be able to fall out of love with Edward Cullen.Please, please, please tell me that this was good. I hope that things didn't feel rushed with Bella and Leah. Oh my god, I'm just wondering why I didn't do this in the first place. This is way better than the flashback thing from last time. Guys, you know what to do. Constructive criticism, compliments, and suggestions only. Flames will be ignored. Hope you liked this.*running around with my head cut off*-SukiChan12^-^
