JPOVI walked into mine and Alice's room. And I didn't expect to see the shot I did.Edward was lying shirtless on my bed making out with Alice. The thing that hurt the most was he obviously hadn't though about any of us walking in.I walked out just as quietly as I walked in and rushed downstairs."Bella, come on, we need to go somewhere, anywhere but here".She looked extremely shocked. "Why? What have you seen upstairs that could possibly upset you so much? I know Alice and Edward are up there but".She looked at me and I looked away. She understood that she'd answered her own question."Please tell me, that Alice is not with my Edward". She rushed up the stairs. Even with vampire speed I couldn't catch her.She barged through the door I shut about 2 minutes beforehand."ALICE! What are you doing? I thought you were meant to be my friend? And yet here you are with my fiance".She hurried down the stairs to which I follow, I noted as I left, Edward was putting his shirt back on and Alice was preparing to come down too.Bella started ranting."HOW COULD SHE DO THAT TO ME? I'M MEANT TO BE HER BEST FRIEND AND SHE GOES AND DOES THAT, HOW COULD SHE BE SO RECKLESS?"I was really hoping that the family returned soon. So I didn't have to deal with this on my own.Alice appeared and tried to hug her."GET YOUR FILTHY HANDS OFF ME; I DON'T WANT YOU NEAR ME. GO AWAY. YOU DON'T DESERVE ME AS A FRIEND OR SISTER, AND MOST OF ALL, JASPER DOESN'T DESERVE YOU. HE DESERVES SOMEONE FAITHFUL. OBVIOUSLY YOU DON'T KNOW THE MEANING OF THE WORD".Bella stepped towards Alice, I anticipated what she was going to do and I knew Alice already knew.Bella slapped her as hard as she could.Then Alice lost it.I grabbed Bella around the waste and moved so she was positioned behind me.Edward grabbed Alice who was kicking and screaming to get to Bella.She struggled free and threw on of Esme's glass vases at Bella.I moved so it didn't hit me or Bella.Edward finally decided that it was his time to talk."Bella, darling, I really didn't mean to hurt you". He turned to Alice. "WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING, YOU COULD HAVE SERIOUSLY HURT HER"?Alice scoffed. "Like what we have done for the past month wouldn't have. I don't care if they know how long it's been going on. They deserve to know that".I couldn't take it anymore.I looked into Bella's eyes, smiled briefly and took off out the back door.BPOVJasper had left me to deal with this on my own. I rushed outside and slid down the door. I didn't notice my vampire family approaching.Esme was the first to come to me."Bella are you hurt? Why are you so upset? What's happened?" My soon to be adoptive mother hugged me in a tight clench."It's Ed-ward" I wailed.Rose gathered what had happened before the words had uttered my lips."I'M GOING TO KILL HIM", she growled. Showing for the first time she was a vampire and that she cried about me.She rushed past me and stopped after opening the door."Carlisle, I believe you may want to see this, and find out where Jazz is".He walked past brushing his hand on my shoulder. I heard him mutter to them to get their clothes on and look respectable.Esme picked me up effortlessly."You know something, I may not be an empath like Jasper but I know your feeling hurt and betrayed and thinking you aren't worth it but I know you are. We think you are. Don't we Emmett?"This was the first time I recognized he was with me."Cause you are Bella, you're my lil Sis. You'll always be worth it".He ruffled my hair and took me out of Esme's arms and into a bear hug.Inside I could hear crashing and shouting."Jasper! Stop it. You won't be happy if you hurt him, Bella won't be happy. She needs you as a rock. This'll be a hard time considering the act these two were in".So Jasper was back, I sighed with relief that's all I cared about. He shouldn't have to go through this on his own, I ouldnt let him.Then I heard Rose, that's when Emmett dropped me, literally on the floor. Onto the glass Alice threw.I didn't believe any had glass in me so I stood up and that's when the call came."Carlisle, she's bleeding"It was like my 18th birthday all over again. 6 blood thirsty vampires all looking at me with black eyes. But it wasn't Carlisle who came to my rescue this time, it was Jasper."Wh-at, what are you doing exactly?" I asked in shock."Taking you to Carlisle's office so he can fix you up", he wasn't breathing so I realised that it must of helped a bit but not much, I could see his eyes slightly change colour.He placed me in the office desk."Bella, you know something. I will not leave you while you're upset. We aren't leaving you".I nodded.
