Prologue Bella's P.O.VNineteen years had passed since I had married Jacob and eighteen years had passed since the birth of my children.My eldest, JJ, was an exact copy of Jacob. He had the tan skin, dark hair and coffee brown eyes. He's quite tall as well, just like Jacob. JJ has always been loud, adventurous and sporty. I hardly ever find him inside and it's hard to keep him still; he always has to be moving. Before he phased, he was very sarcastic and he could be quite immature. Since phasing though, he has become a lot quieter and a little more serious although he still loves his sports and he has found an interest in the guitar.Elliot was my second born, about ten minutes after JJ actually. Elliot looks a lot like JJ but his features are a little more rounded, like mine. He's always been the opposite of JJ. He's quiet and enjoys being inside. I'll normally find him curled up somewhere with a book. He often says he would enjoy being outside if it wasn't for the cold, dreary weather of La Push. On the odd sunny day, he'll sit out on the deck or find a place out in the forest by the edge of first beach but of course, he'll always have his book or sketchpad and art stuff with him. I'm not very artistic myself and neither is Jacob so I don't know where he got his artistic ability from. Anyway, he often comes home dripping wet because knowing La Push, the weather is just unpredictable.Both my boys can have quite a temper but it's something I've learned to deal with. Having a family full of wolves, well, you learn to deal with these things.Finally, I have sixteen year old Italia. She wasn't expected to be honest but I don't regret having her.Jacob was happy to finally have a little princess.The boys though, well, they weren't too pleased at the time but they quickly got over it once they met their sister. She was like me in more ways than the boys.She had my pale skin, round eyes, brown hair and unfortunately, my clumsiness. Her eyes were a mix of both my chocolate brown and Jacob's coffee brown.Italia loved to dance. Ever since she could walk she would always jump around and sway to the music on the radio or on the television. When she was five, Jacob and I decided to put her into dance classes and she just keeps getting better. She's dedicated, I'll give her that. She's also very extreme. If something seems dangerous, she'll get involved just for the sake of doing something that, in her mind, is fun. There have been many times she's given us quite a scare. The first time was when she was fourteen. She decided it would be fun to get on a skateboard and be towed along at the back of a car. Her friend Bethany's brother had just started driving and being the idiot he sometimes is, decided to go along with the girl's plan.I never trusted him after that because Italia ended up being tossed a good twenty metres from the road. When we found her, she was unconscious.Shaking the thought from my head, I walked into the living room when I heard the front door slam shut. I first caught sight of Jacob.He looked at me and covered his ears. At first, I wondered why but merely seconds later Italia began squealing excitedly.In her hand, she held a piece of paper.Running over to me, still squealing, she shoved the piece of paper into my hand."Read it!"I sighed and looked down at the piece of paper in my hand.It was a scholarship to a professional dance academy in England.No wonder she was excited.A/N: And that was the prologue for Flames of Ice... Did you like? I know, I know... not much happened but Italia's scholarship to this dance academy is going to play a major part in the upcoming drama! I'm hoping to get at least three reviews before chapter one makes an appearance...
