For all my current followers and readers, this story will contain swearing, possible future scenes which is why it is rated M, more mature than my other stories in terms of language but it will still be as 'aww' worthy and possibly funny as my other stories so feel free to stick around. When I say swearing I simply mean F words not like hardcore constant swearing. Rate M simply for more freedom on language. Had this idea annoying me for ages after listening to a Sheryl Crow song so thought I would give it a go...some aspects of original story will be changed nothing too dramatic. Give it a try I promise it will be good :D Most likely won't contain loads of dramtic vampire stuff I quite like the idea of a more normal love story for this one because Embry and Leah stories have me gripped at the moment and I think they would be a perfect couple! So give me a chance, hit the follow button and leave your thoughts, ideas, plot ideas, song requests to be used, is the baby a girl or boy? :D xxI do not own Twilght.I stared out over the bonfire, the flames of the fire illuminating the face I knew so well, highlighting the beautiful way his eyes sparkled in the orange flickers, the swirling emotion in his eyes causing my heart to clench tighter than it already was. There was such love there, such adoration, such care and happiness but none of it was for me. It had been once, I had once been the only girl he could see, the only girl he loved but it all changed, he gave that look to her now, my own cousin, my best friend. And it killed. My heart was breaking, at least that's what it felt like, like it was being ripped to shreds with each twinkling glance he gave to the girl in his arms.The loud buzz of conversation faded from my ears, all I could hear was the beating of my breaking heart that beat faster as my stomach churned with the sickness that had dominated my waking hours for the last few weeks. I stole a quick stare to my stomach that twisted and turned before shooting my glance back to the man that once ruled my world. He was still oblivious to my presence, as were most of the guys here but one person had noticed the girl stood by her car shaking with nerves and heart ache. The person who noticed me was the person who was causing the ache. My eyes landed on hers, the scars down her face slowly healing but still as aggressive as they had been the other week. I should feel bad for her, I should be hurt that my cousin I once loved with all my heart was hurt in such a way but I couldn't, all I felt was bitter pleasure, like it was some sort of karma for what she had done to me.Her brown eyes sparkled against the flames but I saw the emotion there, the underlying guilt that was outweighed by the nerves and worry, she knew why I was here and she was terrified of it, terrified of the truth, of what would happen when he found out not only what was happening but that she knew, that she had known from the moment she chose him over me, from the moment she led him to leave me. I raised an eyebrow in silent challenging, daring her to say something but I knew she wouldn't, she wanted it to just go away, she wanted me to just go away because as long as she got her happy ending what did it matter what happened to me. Silly little Leah who everyone thought was a bitter bitch when in reality I was a heartbroken scared girl.Sam finally noticed that his imprint was no longer laughing at his pathetic jokes and looked following her own stare, his emotion filled eyes dimmed as they caught mine and instead he frowned in confusion probably as to why I was stood over here because it was a pack bonfire and I was supposed to be right where they were but that wasn't going to happen. Not tonight, not ever again. As much as I wanted to be, I wasn't here to destroy everything, I wasn't here to get into yet another screaming match with him or any of the other guys, I was simply here to steal my last departing glance before I left.Pushing myself up off the bonnet of my old car, the vehicle squeaking beneath my weight and strength, I took a glance at my pack brothers, their laughing faces not noticing me, their imprints happily tucked in their arms as Billy joked about old Quileute legends. One set of eyes caught mine, one set of genuinely concerned young eyes, they locked on mine as I stood over my opened door, he had no idea that this was the last time he would see me, or at least he shouldn't have but his eyes flashed with the deepest of emotions. For a second it overshadowed the pain in my heart, almost pleading with me to stay but the flash ended and instead of the desperate knowing there lay a distant sadness. I had to go and part of me thinks he knew that, because for some reason Embry Call always knew what I was thinking.I tore my glance away and fell into the low down leather seat, my hands smoothing over the steering wheel of my dad's old Ford, he left it to me when he died although I wasn't a car girl and had barely drove it since getting it. My heart got heavier as I started the engine, my mind swirling with internal conflict of the decision I was making. After all I had family here, I had a life here, at least I had a sort of life here. I turned my head to the seat beside me, the white envelope containing the letter I had been given by panic stricken Emily only hours before still lay there. The letters contents much like the sobs she had given me, all full of shit, full of fucking empty words that she never meant. She couldn't mean it because what sort of loving cousin, what sort of sister like friend would do that?No I couldn't stay here, I couldn't handle the heartbreak, the pain of seeing them every day, the pain of being pitied by every. I couldn't handle being the girl who was left by her fianc for her cousin, especially not under current circumstances. I feared I was being selfish doing what I was doing but I had to do it, I couldn't stay here, I couldn't handle this. I smoothed my hand over my slowly swelling stomach, the flutter of love that grew there reiterating I was making the right decision. I span the car around in reverse, I was sure my screeching tyres brought attention to me but I didn't dare look back, that life was behind me. I was strong enough to do this, I didn't need him, I didn't need her, I didn't need them.This is it. I pushed the memories from my head as I sped down the road, leaving Sam Uley behind, leaving Emily behind, even Embry and those stupid caring eyes."It's just you and me now buddy. I promise I won't let you down" I whispered against the silent dark night as I tore the old car onto the main road, my hand smoothing softly over the stomach where the only evidence that Sam Uley ever loved me lay.Leave a review! :D x
