A/N: Hey guys! A new story for you all. This is rather different than my last Twilight ff, but I am very excited about it! It's a lot more emotional and there are no vampires in this one guys! Anyways, I won't keep you all; I know you'll just want to read so off you go! 1. I Grew up(BPOV)Okay, living? Yeah, not as easy as I thought it was going to be.When I was a kid, I was free. I was in my own little world and I had no worries. It's different now though. Why? Because I grew up. Every fear I never had as a kid has come bustling into my life over the past 8 years. Those fears are real. They don't go away if someone gives you a hug.I guess you could say that I'm lost. It's like I'm in a room full of mirrors every day. You know there has to be a way out but you just can't seem to find it. You're drowning in confusion and illusion. It's the same thing being repeated over and over, everywhere you turn. That's the story of my life.I lived with my mom, my dad, my brother and my sister. Now, they're all gone. One by one they were taken away from me in such different circumstances.My mom - Rene - died giving birth to my sister when I was 9 and soon after, my father - Charlie - died when his fishing boat sunk out at sea. My brother was 21 at the time and he was left with me and my little sister  Avery. My Auntie Sue moved in to help us, but we still couldn't afford to live the way we were. Jason (my brother) was just finishing his training for the U.S army when we needed serious help. He left for Afghanistan a month after he finished that training. He came home once, when I was 11, and I never saw him again when he went back out to fight. That leaves me with Avery. She disappeared last year just after my 16th birthday. 2 months after she was declared a missing child, her body was found buried in the woods by the border of Forks. She was only 7 for Christ's sake.I find that most of the time I just can't cope with everything. All that has happened will sometimes catch up on me and I'll be seconds away from giving up. The only thing that keeps me going is the fact that I need to live for my family now  since I can't be with them.I'm not quite done yet though. Something happened to me when I was 13. It may sound really strange, but I don't remember any of it apart from one sentence that was spoken by a voice I did not recognize. It was a man.'I'll find you one day, Bella.' Is what he said to me.Bella is my name by the way, in case you didn't get that. It gets worse than that though. I'm always going to have reminders of the fact that something frightening went on that night. Something truly terrifying.I have perfectly aligned scars down both of my arms; cut exactly in line in diagonal stripes. The other thing I have is permanently etched on the back of my neck. It's like a tattoo of some sort but I never felt the pain  simply because I couldn't remember it even getting done. It all happened on that night without a doubt. I didn't cut myself  I know that for sure.'Life is hard. Death is easy, peaceful.' Are the words on my skin.It gets worse. I have to try to hide these things out of fear. I don't know who took me that night or how. They could be anywhere at any time  watching me. That's the scariest part.My next issue is school. I'm not exaggerating when I say every single person in that place thinks I'm a psycho. They haven't seen the scars or the writing, but they just seem to think they know. I'm not crazy, I promise I'm not. I just wish other people could see that. I literally don't have a person to turn to if I need help  which is every day. Sue and I can barely keep a roof over our heads without the issue of the stares and rumours as well. The townsfolk know that I have no close family, but that's about it. They don't know the hows and the whysI want to have a friend or two, you know? Someone to confide in when I realise I have no one else. Since, the rumours have already been spread here in Forks there is no way that can ever happen.Loneliness isn't exactly foreign to me now, but it still hurts. No matter how long this lasts for, it's always going to hurt me. To look back and to remember all the pain will physically drain me in 10 years' time.That's the point though. I just have to keep looking forward. If I get stuck in the past, I'm done for.If I don't keep my head up, I know what will happen. I'll just slip further and further away and I can't handle that. I need to stay strong for my family. If I don't who else will?I think the bullying is the worst part, because you can't do anything if no one listens. You just have to endure it. People rarely hurt me physically but I'd rather they did. The emotional and mental bit is the most torturous. Your mind is the one place you can't escape and when it works overtime, things start going wrong and you make bad decisions.I think there is only so many times a heart can break before it becomes unbearable. If my heart splits in half one more time I think I'll have reached that point.It's sad because I know it's going to happen.The question isWhen?A/N: Rate and review please. Let me know what you think.  Lauren :*
