On the farmAuthors note : new story idea, hope my readers will give this story a chance . Please review. Happy Halloween . This a is Twilight story .Chapter 1: The Halloween PartyAliceJasper knows I love throwing parties like planning them. Of course I asked Mom and Dad if it was okay to have one . They will be out . Who will be at the party me and Jasper and Rose and Emmett and Edward and Bella. And a few of our friends . Rose and Emmett went to the store to buy food for our guests . Well they did that Edward went to find his costume and Bella helped me with setting up the living room .Well Rose and Emmett are at the store they talk a little talk ."Emmett what are you going to dress up for tonight ?" Rose asked him ."Rose, sweetheart . I'm not going to tell you now, you are going to have to find out later ." He answered back .End of the small talk.Emmett grabs one more bag of chips before Rose heads to the car and he follows after they paid for everything for the party . Headed home and brought the food home hours before the party .EdwardI left my Bella with my sister Alice , she is helping set up for the party we are having because it is Halloween . I went upstairs to my bedroom to change into my costume for the party . I am going to be a prince and Bella is going to be Cinderella for tonight, gosh she's going to look beautiful for the party , even though it is going to be for one night . Bella and I are matching for the party since we are a couple . Don't know what Alice and Jasper and Rose and Emmett are going to dress up for the party because we didn't tell each other .We are all going to have fun together at the party .BellaEdward and I were talking and he told me were I could hear just to myself that he was going to go and put on his costume for the party. Well he went and did that I went into the living room to help Alice set up. Not everyone is going to put on there costume yet , but when I do I am going to be Cinderella for one night and Edward is my prince for the night . Alice and I waited for Rose and Emmett to come back home with the food so we could work on that together . Edward and I are going to have so much fun tonight together .Mom and Dad left for the evening for their date night . Some of our guests started showing up at the door for the party ...Should I keep going ? Please review. Would love to see some love please . Hope you liked it ! Something a little different .-BreakingDawn21-
