A/N *sigh* It's about that motherfucking time again, boys and girls. It's been a while, I know. We - we being myself and my partner/beta in crime, HalyconSeasons-have returned with another fic. Blackwater, of course, cus there is no better ship to sail. Please review. I love you all. The most that my father ever told me about the throne was that someday it would be mine.I think I was about six when he, Harry Clearwater, passed away, nearly immediately making my brother, Seth, the new Quiluete Tribal King once my mother passes on. I'm eleven now, and Seth recently turned twenty-seven. He is to wed soon, making his half-breed, pale fiance, Renesmee of Forks, the soon-to-be Queen, replace my withering mother who had no business having me after thirty-five years old.Renesmee, or Lady Olympia as she likes to be called, lives in the reservation castle with the rest of the nobles, and I guess you could say it's pretty awkward for her to sip her blood-and-wine mixture at dinner while the rest of the tribe chows on the meat fetch of the day. She seems like a nice enough person, but my dad would've had an absolute fit if he found out his son is putting a damn bloodsuckerour sworn enemyto the throne. But because of the relationship between them two, there's peace between the vampires and werewolves until our borders meet Canada. Seth has actually grown quite fond of Renesmee's coven.I don't mind her, but my opinion holds little worth, even as the late King's daughter. She and Seth are to wed in two months and I'm sure they're going to make another half-breed, bringing the first vampire by blood to nobility, making him or her the next King or Queen. It's sad to think that I, the King's daughter, have less of a place in the kingdom than a bloodsucker. I'd never see that throne; my dad lied. Well, damn, I didn't want to be Quiluete Tribal Queen, anyway. Getting out of this damn castle would make my day.But, alas, I'm stuck with Renesmee for the day, having what Seth described as a "sisterly bonding day," as we arrange and select various potential wedding dresses made from the finest materials, like silk and cotton. We've already gone through about thirty gowns and each one was same as the last. Even her personal assistant, Emily, has grown tired and impatient with telling Renesmee she looked fabulous and that the dress was too fine. Renesmee isn't conceited, but she looks at herself in her room of full-length mirrors a lot."What about this one, Leah?" She glances at me quickly in the mirror before directing her eyes back towards herself in the white strapless dress she modeled. She does a quick twirl and runs a few fingers through her long, thin, red hair.I shrug from my seat and take a look at Emily, who's miserably brushing out any wrinkles or creases on the gown. I turn back to Renesmee, who doesn't seem to be awaiting a verbal answer, before doing a few more poses and demanding for Emily to unzip the dress. I kind of feel Emily's painI'm not exactly a slave here, but I'm better seen than heard.Multiple dresses and several meaningless compliments later, Renesmee leaves her own face alone and turns towards me while Emily shimmies her out of the dress. Renesmee and I make eye contact, and she sympathetically smiles."This isn't your thing, is it?" she guesses, rubbing her pale hands together while Emily bustles around, finding the next dress.I shake my head and play with the ends of my spiraled hair. "Not really.""You and your mother didn't play dress-up when you were younger?" she wonders, stepping off the pedestal and striding onto ground level to have a seat next to me. A fresh whiff of her vampire scent momentarily returns when she eases in towards me, making my nose scrunch. She's only got her lingerie on and it's making me a little uncomfortable, so I scoot."I was kind of a Daddy's girl," I answer, trying to avoid the devoted stare that my future sister-in-law is giving me."Oh," she replies. "I was, too. Well, I guess I still kinda am."That's at least one thing we have in common. . .sorta. She continues to speak even after Emily returns with another dress."I know I'm not the most fun person to be around, but you have no idea how hard I try to get you to like me," Renesmee admits, shocking me."Why?""Because even with the Queen's approval, I still feel as if I need the baby sister's, too.""Why?" I ask again.She leans inward and whispers. "Between you and me, you're kinda the only one around here who isn't ridiculously lame."I smile for the first time today. "Really?"She nods and runs her icy fingers through my hair soothingly. "For sure."Responding appropriately is a challenge. "Oh. Well, thanks," I say and sit up in my chair. "You really don't have to try so hard. I think you're doing just fine."A genuine blush and a smile stretch their way across her pale cheeks. "Aw."Emily clears her throat nonchalantly, getting our attention. Renesmee remembers where she is and then looks to me again. "Would you rather be doing something else?" she asks.Watching grass grow sounds like fun compared to this. "Yeah."Renesmee ponders on that and adjusts her bra strap. "I can find a dress by myself. How 'bout you go play and we can bond some other time?"Music to my ears. "You sure?" I ask, already getting up. She does, too, and steps back onto the pedestal.She stares at herself in the mirror. "Uh-huh," she says absentmindedly."Okay, if you're sure," I murmur while she distracts herself with the dress in Emily's hands."Bye, Lee."I nod my head and wave goodbye before making a sly exit out the way we came in, through Renesmee and Seth's bedroom. I nearly dash down the corridors, my slippers brushing heavily against the marble floors as I race myself towards my bedroom all the way on the other side of the castle.The second I crash through the huge double doors, I plop harshly on my mattress and let out an inhuman sound of pleasure. Man, it feels good to be back in my bed. Seth has surely lost all his marbles for waking me up at nine in the morning to help his fiance pick out a damn dress. I'm not tired or even sleepy, for that matter, but just being in my room with my three best friendsme, myself and Iis my favorite pastime.Then again, I'd enjoy leaving the castle for the day. Judging by the sun rays gleaming through the balcony doors, it seems to be one of those pretty and rare spring days in La Push. I hop off my bed and remove my nightgown to replace it with a sundress and a pair of Converse. My mom hates when I dress like this, but I'm comfortable and I don't need expensive clothes to prove I'm the princess.Neither Seth nor my mother would approve of me leaving the castle so early in the morning, but I have Renesmee's permission, I guess. And besides, I'll be back from my walk before lunchtime, and I go unnoticed, like I'm already not. Passing various guards and visitors without a trace, I sneak snugly through the castle's broken bricks and eventually get out through the lowest level's rear porch, leading into the courtyard and past the fields. Lunch is to be outside today, so an array of servants is setting up tables and chairs for the family and guests. I nod and applaud some as I pass for their good work, and they bow in appreciation before getting back to work. Funny how they don't suspect anything.I've only ever been out the confines of the castles a handful of times. I know of the vast grass and flower fields, beaches, markets, shops, department stores, schools, and downtown, but there's this place my dad always warned me about.Before promising me the throne, he had explained the importance of the kingdom beyond the castle like taking charge and pride within everything that is La Push.He warned me of the ghettos also known as First Beachwhich is barely a beach at all. It has no fields or fabulous markets or schools. It is on the estranged side of La Push, a poverty zone for sure in great need of gentrification. What land they have on this side of the kingdom has been broken down, the result from past won wars, a sign that First Beach never bounced back. They have forests and wilderness and dirt roads and little means of civilization. This must be the shadowy place I'm never to go to, but because I'm hardheaded, I go anyway to see for myself.It's also silent. It's dark and silent and there's the occasional hut or wood cabin.It's a war zone, even after all these years. Why didn't my dad do anything about this? Why doesn't Seth or my mom do anything? Do they even know of this? Instead of trying to control me and put together a wedding, they should be doing something about this. It actually hurts me to see the kingdom that I am supposed to rule one day to be in such a state. It's only this way because they don't know. No one ever took the time to see, and I'll bet everyone on this side of town resents my family for what's become of their neighborhood.The more I travel along, the more I want to turn backbut I don't, which probably isn't the best idea considering I am of royalty, giving everyone here a good reason to hate my guts.Man, I should've bought a jacket. It's frigid out he-Snap.The stench automatically makes its way towards my nostrils. It's like Renesmee's scent, but worst.I nervously check behind me and see nothing but the mess of urban area that I've just strolled through. I keep my head turned backwards and await more noises before deciding whether or not I should turn around or keep going. I know what I should do, but it'll get me killed because I'm not even of age to phase and protect myself.Turning forward, I'm met with stone skin and the source of the smell, shocking me and sending me flying backwards, to the ground. There's actually three of them, surrounding and stalking around my frozen body like a trio of vultures. I gulp."Hmph," the first onea red-headed femalehums, eyeing me viciously. "I've never seen you around here."The second onea male with a blond ponytail and lack of a topchuckles to himself as he rubs his chin in wonder, forcing us to make eye contact. "She looks awfully familiar," he mutters, getting incredibly close, making me whimper as I force the will in me to phase before I'm even able to. "What's your name, sweetie?"I gulp again as the three vampires stare me down and wait for my answer. "L-L-L-Leah. L-Leah of La Push's Tribal Court," I manage to say, crunching a fallen leaf in between my fingers. They all burst into laughter as if I've told some hilarious joke. It's hard to tell whether or not they're messing with me."Leah of La Push?" the thirda black male with dreadlocksmocks and lets out a hearty chuckle. "You're the princess?""Oh, lemme practice my curtsy!" the female teases and pretends to bow before me, laughing with her teeth bared, showing off how sharp they are. I squirm. "Do you have any fucking clue what we do to princesses who step outside their kingdom?" she challenges."Aw, man," the blond one cheers, rubbing his hands together. "Never tasted royal blood before. I'll bet it's sweet, huh?" he lurks forward, turning everything on my body as cold as them, but I don't shiver because I feel as though I'm already in no control of my muscles and the slightest move will trigger them. Do I have time to run?"And she's a wolf, too?" the other mall interrupts. "I hear they've got the sweetest tasting blood on the planet next to humans." He thinks for a second. "You're phasing, aren't you?" he asks me before turning to his friends.The female answers. "She's, like, nine or something and the phasing shit doesn't begin 'til, like, whatfourteen or something?""Th-th-thirteen," I breathe.She snaps her fingers in recollection. "Right," she says, relaxing me almost."I call first bite." The blond takes his first few steps forward, causing me to squirm even more, the twigs and sticks scratching my back for sure. Why didn't I stay in the damn castle?With a newfound rush of adrenaline, I jerk upward and run as fast my feet can carry me as the blond lunges for my neck. Panting within just feet, I begin to tear up with how fast I'm running, wishing my dad was here to save me.I felt the three of them gaining on me because with each step, I get colder and lose my sense of direction. Confidently, I believe I'm outrunning them, but become shocked out of my short-lived life when the three of them pop back in front of me as they dangle from tree branches and lurk behind trees.I mutter to myself and whimper softly, hoping they'll have mercy. I run the way I came back, feet getting sore while my muscles are prepared to give out. Panic rushing over me, my body flings into a crouching position near a pile of leaves, where I curl up and wait for the worst. I can smell them still and as I cry, I peak at them to memorize how hungry yet dead their red eyes are. I turn away for a second then I am forced to make eye contact with the blond male again as he taunts me."You're so weak," he mocks, getting on my level and snarling in my face. "You dogs are a weak race and how you ever made it to the throne is beyond me."Whining like a puppy, I turn away. I really wish Renesmee was mean and made me stay to watch her put on those stupid dresses. That way, I'd die of boredom instead of watching myself get drained dry of all my blood."You're weak like your father, and you will die like your father!" the man exclaims, shaking the forest and my nerves one last time before their scent and coldness is gone like a flame being blown out on a candle.Scared to look up, I listen. I hear more snarling, but it's animalistic. It's actually a growl.The stench returns along with a newer yet familiar one from the opposite side of me. Glancing upwards, I take in the three vampires in a line in front of me, crouching in defensive positions, as if to guard or protect me, though they're not. At the same time, a trio of multicolored reddish-brown, auburn, and grey beasts of wolves stands high at attention on all fours, teeth bared, ears pointed, and fur on their edges. Their eyes are dark yet warm as they stare the three bloodsuckers down to intimidate them. The reddish-brown one's tail wags wildly as its huge teeth glisten with saliva as the growling continues. My form shakes."Ah, no," I whisper.The standoff doesn't last long before the black male fires the first shot and lunges for the wolf in the middle, signaling the rest to attack. It doesn't look hopeful at first when the three vampires have the wolves exposed, but there's a quick shift in dominance when the three wolves use their size to their advantage. It's an absolute rumble as the six of them knock over trees and dig into the dirt. There's a lot of growling and barking involved, and all I can do is watch the scene unfold in the middle of the forest.I try to back away, but my legs won't let me. I've never seen such a thing like this, which explains why my dad told me to never cross the border into First Beach.Moments later, the fight dissolves into a battle of intimidation again. The three animals draw themselves in front of me just as their opponents did moments before. The cold ones just growl in defeat as they prance off with sour expressions. I watch closely as they run off, never looking back, agitated that they've lost to a so-called "weak race."I shudder, break myself off, and sink to the ground again while I stare at the wolves before me. It's silent for a moment until they glare back me, fur going back to its shaggy state, tails winding down, and lips folding back over their teeth. I stumble as I try to stand so I can show my gratitude, but just like that, they have disappeared, leaving behind paw prints."Wait!" I call, tempted to run after them but decide against it. "I wanted to thank you," I say to no one, disappointed that they left without me even getting to see their human forms. Why would they just leave, knowing that the vampires could just come right b"Boo!"I let out my best shriek as I jump and turn to be towered with three tall, tan, teenage boys in cutoff shorts and khakis, all without tops. They all have similar features such as dark and rustled brunet hair with brown eyes to matchthey look like brothers. They even sound alike as they chuckle like hyenas at how easily I get scared. Grimacing, I cross my arms."That's not funny," I groan, hoping my sharp stare will make them stop teasing me.They settle down a moment before having one last belt of laughter before standing straight and breathing again."Okay, okay, we're sorry, princess," the one in the middle insists and bows forward. "I'm Quil," he introduces himself and turns to his left to pat his buddy's shoulder. "This is Embry, and that is Jacob," he says, the two of them showing appreciation in bowing. I overlook them all and take in their names, their traditional tribal names."Pleasure to meet the three of you," I say. "Thank you for saving me."They shrug like it's nothing. "No biggie," Quil responds modestly, waving his hands about."I wouldn't say so," I disagree and brush the dirt off my dress. "You three are really brave.""If that's what you wanna call it. Anything for the King's daughter," Embry inputs. "What the hell is the King's daughter even doing around First Beach, anyway?""Hey, don't question the princess!" Quil pops him upside the head and Jacob laughs."No, it's fine," I say and fidget with my fingers. "I was just taking a walk and ended up on the wrong side of town. In fact, I must say I'm kinda surprised that you three didn't try to kill me for yourselves."They all stare at me disbelief."I don't say that to offend!" I change my tone. "Um, I'd think with these living conditions that my dad has left you guys in, you'd hate me for just being related to him."Jacob snorts but Embry explains. "Are you kidding?" he asks. "Having a tribal leader, especially a werewolf, as the King is hope for the rest of us that we can make it out of this shithole. Excuse my language," he says. I nod, taking in his words with great curiosity."Well, as fun as saving your ass was, we gotta get going, princess," Embry continues, and the three of them begin walking backwards into the mist of the woods, but I stop them as they wave me away."Wait a second!" I call and they turn around to face me."Yes?" Quil asks.I stutter for a second and sigh. "In exchange for saving me, would you guys like to have lunch at the castle today?"Quil and Embry are ready and quick to answer with excitement, but Jacob finally speaks."Nah, we good," he slurs, turning his back on me in a hurry. Confused, his friends scold him while I just follow behind."I really don't feel comfortable returning back to the palace without thanking you guys in some way," I say and nervously comb the ends of my hair with my sweaty fingers."Leaving and never coming back is thanks enough," he responds, not even turning to face me as he speaks. Quil and Embry both get on his ass and he just shrugs nonchalantly. Who is he to tell me where I can and cannot go? I run in front of him so he has no choice but to face me."Excuse me, but I'm trying to be nice," I explain, walking backwards as he continues forward, but Quil and Embry try to stop him. "You should be more respectful towards your princess," I growl.He just scoffs and strides right passed me. In absolute shock, I push his chest and he finally stops."How dare you!" I exclaim. "Who the hell do you think you are?"His eyes narrow angrily. "Jacob Black."I stare him down. "I'd think that peasants from this side of town would be more humble and respectable towards their princess considering they don't have shit else to be respectable for. You should be praising the ground I walk on."His dark eyes roll over. "You're just as much a peasant as me. You may be the shit over at the Tribal Castle, but you're not shit once you've passed First Beach."On instinct, my hand does a quick motion across Jacob's cheek, resulting in an echoing slapping sound and him growling in my face while his friends have to hold him back. Suddenly feeling terrible, I clench up and gasp, hand over mouth, ready to apologize.Before the words can even come out, there's uproar of yelling and animalistic barking from behind me as the wind is knocked out me and I'm flung into someone's arms, confined against my will."How dare you!" I recognize Seth's voice as he hops off my mother's white stallion to step up to Jacob while Quil and Embry cower and bow before his presence while the guard wolves surround the three boys."Hey, check your little princess first!" Jacob argues while Quil and Embry bring him to his knees unwillingly. Seth turns to me, showing just how much trouble I'm in when he faces them again. He stares them down a moment and sighs."We saved her life," Jacob continues, but Embry hits him again."You saved her?" Seth repeats then turns to me. "Is this true?"I nod, not meeting his eyes.Seth faces the boys again, motioning the guard wolves off and easing up. He scowls and switches on his heels. "May we invite you three young men to the castle for lunch as a token of our gratitude, then?"Jacob stays silent now while Quil and Embry share a glance and return to their standing positions. "No thank you, your highness. The princess' safety is gratitude enough," Quil answers.Seth takes their rejection better than I did by shrugging it off and mounting the horse, waiting for me to climb on as well. Before doing so, I take one last glare at the three boys and catch myself staring at Jacob before getting on the horse's back. He sternly turns away as if to blow me off, and without even saying a word, the wolves lead us back to the castle. The whole way there, I can't get what Jacob had said out of my head.Even as Seth and my mother scold and discipline me, I replay his words and decide that ditching Renesmee and going to First Beach was the biggest reality check a powerless princess could ever need.
