I do not own any setting and or character in story besides Crystal Taylor and mom. If you can PLEASE REVIEW I'd appreciate it greatly. This is my first story writing on FanFiction and I'm a little nervous, but feedback would be greatly appreciated. Anyway on to the story:P.S There will be more chapters if I get at least one review (setting the bar really low people)Chapter 1:I ran through the woods in La Push, Washington. My four paws pounded on the ground as they carried my massive werewolf body to the top of the mountains. I stopped just before the clearing at the top of the mountain to transform back into my human form in order not to alarm any humans. I sat down on the jutted piece of land at the top of the mountain clearing dangling my feet off the edge. I could feel the cool breeze, but being a werewolf I was "a walking fireplace" in my mother's words so it wasn't as cold to me as it should've been. I enjoyed the view. I'd always liked the trees, but the sparkling ocean and the sandy beach were a bonus. The sky was a mix of indigo and grey. The houses below had their own special qualities that added to the calm feeling of the image. It wasn't the city with all of the lights and cars where I'd been accustomed to, but it was just as beautiful, maybe even more.I sat there just staring at the view. I heard a snap behind me, like a twig being stepped on and I spun my head around. There was a 16-year old boy with black hair cut short staring at me. His muscles and size were screaming run away, but his dark brown, caring eyes were resenting that message. He had nothing but black shorts on enabling me to see his bare chest and the tattoo on his arm clearly. It was a circle with wolves in it, but I had no idea what it meant."Hi," I finally said after examining him. "Hi," he grumbled back. "Did you just finish running?" I asked making conversation. I know you're not supposed to talk to strangers, but it was something about him. I wanted to stay here and talk to him. "It's pretty obvious isn't it," he said a sarcastic and hostile note in his voice. "I suppose it is," I said taken aback with why he was so harsh towards me. "I assume you were running too," he said. "Yeah, isn't it obvious?" I asked giving him back what he had gave me. I looked at him and a smirk came upon his face. "I'm Jacob Black, and you are?" he asked. "Not supposed to talk to strangers," I said still a little angry by his earlier tone. "If you introduce yourself I won't be a stranger anymore, will I?" he said back. "Crystal Taylor," I said finally giving up. "I've never seen you around. Did you just move here?" he asked. "About 2 days ago," I answered him. "Are you going to La Push High School?" he asked. "Yeah, I'm going to be a sophomore," I said. "Great, I'll show you around then," he said breaking out into a full blown smile, all of the harshness gone from his voice. "Great!" I said teasing him. He sat down beside me. "You're warm," he said to me. "It's probably just because I just got finished running. My body temperature has to drop back down." I lied scooting away from him. "Oh," he said. After a short silence, I spoke up again. "Was there a reason you were so rude when you first started to talk?" I asked still curious about why he'd acted the way he did. "No, but I shouldn't have acted like that towards such a beautiful girl like you."Suddenly, there was a certainty, that vibrated throughout my entire being, that he was lying. It had been like this ever since I was born. The instinct I had when someone was lying that was much better than simply detecting the beating of their heart. I knew without a doubt. "Good job on changing the subject, but I have what you would call a "special power" where I can tell if someone is lying or not and you, sir, are lying." I said. "Really," he said laughing. "Yeah," I said knowing he wasn't going to believe me although what I was telling him was the truth. Then again I didn't want him actually believing me and thinking I was a freak. It's really bad to give off a first impression like that. Oh, I forgot to mention that I'm a human lie detector, yeah right! "Remember, you're a stranger. I can't just go around telling all my business like that," he said still not wanting to tell me. "I thought we weren't strangers anymore," I said, "We introduced ourselves." "Right, but we still don't know each other well enough to be discussing our personal life." He explained. "I guess you're right," I said. "Yeah, I think I am," he said. "You're pretty full of yourself," I said. "As full of myself as I can be," he said. "Some people find that slightly unattractive," I informed him leaning in towards his face. "Yeah, but my dashing good looks make up for that," he said copying my movements. We stared at each other.I scanned his dark brown eyes, his small pink lips, his round nose, and his black bushy eyebrows all on his smooth russet colored skin. "I should go. My mom gets mad when I don't tell her where I'm going and I left my phone," I said making an excuse to leave and breaking our gaze on each other. "You don't have to go," he said grabbing my arm gently. "But I really do," I said taking his hand off my arm. "You must be really strong...because nobody's ever been able to pull" he said slowly confused for a second. "Um, I guess you weren't trying hard enough," I said making an excuse for my unexplainable strength. I didn't want him finding out I was a werewolf or even having suspicions about me being anything more than a human. I didn't want to run him off before he even got to know me. "But I was trying" he started still puzzled. "I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow," I said trying my best at flirting and slowly walking towards him.I placed my hands on his chest and looked into his eyes. "Me too, do you want me to walk you home?" he asked loosing any interest or questions he previously had on my strength. "Thanks, but I think I can walk myself home," I said. "Right, I'll see you at school tomorrow," he said. I smiled and he smiled back at me. I turned my back and walked away. I started running, but waited until I was a safe distance away from him to change back into my wolf form. I ran all the way home and emerged out of the woods into my backyard. I transformed back into a human before walking into my house."How was your run?" my mom asked when I walked into the kitchen. "It was good," I said, "I met this guy named Jacob." "Did he see you in your wolf form?" she asked. "No he didn't. I was human when I met him." I assured her. "Okay," she said. "Anyway he goes to my school and he's going to show me where everything is." I said. "That's great honey," she said, "See I knew you'd like it here." "I didn't say all of that, but I'm on the track of getting on the track to liking it here." I said messing with her. "Hardy har har, very funny," she said. "I'm going to shower," I told her laughing. "Alright, dinner will be here in a second, so hurry up." she said. "Did you order out again?" I whined. "Yeah," she said," You know I don't cook and you were home late." "Tomorrow, I'm cooking," I told her. "It's about time," she said. "Whatever," I said. I showered, ate, and got ready for school tomorrow. I picked out my clothes and got my supplies together. I said goodnight to my mom and got in bed.
