Blood mate's Chapter 1 The Vampire warsUnknown POVThe year was 1868,and the war between the creatures of darkness scoured throughout the land. From the tallest mountains to the deepest of oceans. Vampires were real,and they were out there. The Vampire Wars became legendary throughout the vampire community.Two of the most feared Vampire warlords were the main cause of all the destruction throughout the land. Burning down towns and murdering anyone who got in the middle of their battles. Even turning people into vampires to accommodate for those they had lost in fights.Maria was known for her outlandish beauty. From her olive skin tone to her dark black hair. But what was really entrancing were her eyes. Red like the color of scarlet. She was known as to be the most unstoppable vampire leader out there,and was greatly feared by most. Her army always seemed to have an endless supply of newborn vampires,awaiting their instructions.Victoria was known as the animal of the wars. Her cunning tactics,and her sneaky ways got her far in the wars. She was probably the most logical vampire known in the wars. Victoria's hair was red like the temper she wielded on her shoulders. Nobody dared cross her path,in fear of being burned alive.Both warlords had their own aces in the holes. Maria,had the man known as the God of War by her side. A man she changed a long time ago, had the ability to control the moods and emotions of those around him,not to mention he could detect the moods around him. He was a valuable major in her army of newborns. Jasper was also in charge of training those who were first turned.Victoria had a mate by the name of James, who was just as strong as the mate beside him. Together,they fought to gain power over the south. Tragically, in the last battle between their newborns and a rival army,James was lost in the battle. He was put to death by the Volturi in front of Victoria's eyes. In the midst of all of this, Victoria stood over James's body and swears to him that at the end of the Southern War,the South will eventually be theirs one day,somehow.Marie killed Ben her maker just to gain his army for her Self , Marie loves power . Marie want everything her way and she kills everyone who get in her way just to get what she wants power , Marie has no gifts to speck of , but she loves vampires who have gifts it make her stronger , and it that what make her a conniving bitch. She took her own sister's life to show her Army she will take any one down to show she won't take shit from any one .Isabella knows she is special she a hybrid . Her memoirs of her mother and father are fading with the changing times the only person she see as a mother now is Victoria and when James was alive she as him as a father of shorts , Victoria always had to be mean at times with Bella when she was bad and did things . And Bella get punished .Alice she was changed but don't know who , her maker was so Victoria found and forced her in the Army to take care of Bella when Victoria did not want to , Alice and Bella became friends , Alice try's to to Keep Bella out of Trouble with Victoria , but some time her Vision's come to late to stop the Punishment on Bella she hopes to help Bella out Of the Army one way or another .As the war Lords get ready for the battle they Know people will Be Lost but did they ever think Jasper and Isabella would stop for a pull on there hearts , will they fight it or will they fall in love . And live together In happiness or in death , could Bella forget her past in the army and can Jasper forget his . Can Bella find her self out of the Army. Jasper fighting to keep his Brother Peter and His Brother's mate safe . can Jasper and Bella find love in together or Heart Brake .
