This is my very first fanfic and I really hope you all like it and that you leave reviews! Don't be too harsh please :DDisclaimer: I don't own a thing except for my characters and my added ideas!Intro:I lurked in the shadows of the French Quarter in New Orleans, Louisiana hunting the human that would make the perfect meal and entertainment for me tonight.It was a white man, about 5'10, with dark hair and light eyes. He was inside a bar drinking with some of his 'buddies'. Ha! That one made me laugh. They were no friends of his, in fact, they hardly care if anything terrible happened to him tonight or ever. Or at least those are the feelings I've planted in their thoughts.I straightened my little, red cocktail dress and fixed my lipstick, (even though I didn't have to. I looked perfect and I knew it. With my caramel & milk chocolate skin, long flowing raven hair that flowed down my back and stopped just at my ass and my curvaceous body I was beyond beautiful.) Before walking into the bar. I walked right up to the bartender and ordered a shot that I was never going to drink. He returned with my shot and I took it over to my prey.His eyes and the bulge in his pants got significantly larger when he laid his eyes on me. I smiled and let his eyes roam my body a few seconds longer."Hi there handsome." I said in my silky but defined Cajun accent.I already knew the alcohol mixed with my utter beauty and sultry voice had him a little lost for words, but eventually he stammered a "Hey beautiful." And smiled."Would you like another shot?" I offered him the one in my hand and he took it. Then I leaned over suggestively flashing a little of my cleavage and said, "So uh, what can a girl do to have a little fun around here?"He smirked a little grabbed my hand and bid farewell to his friends and walked out of the bar with me. We walked a few blocks and turned down a deserted alley.I backed up against a wall and he started to kiss me sloppily and I nearly gagged but I held it back.He pulled back a little, "Is this going to cost me anything?" He asked uncertainly.I laughed, "Just your delicious, grape vine scented blood, baby." I felt my brown contacts dissolve from the venom in my eyes and I could suddenly see much more clearly as my clear crimson eyes broke through.His smile faltered, "What?"I ripped his shirt out of the way and sunk my teeth into the pulse point on his neck.He cried out as I drained him dry.
