Happy Holidays everyone. Third person povBella was fifteen when she first met Paul. Her mother had sent her to summer camp and Bella thought she'd hate it but she didn't for that is where she met the love of her life or that's what she thought it was but as she looked at it she realized he was just her summer love that left her with nothing but a small remainder that falling in love with a stranger is utterly stupid.Bella's povMy name is Isabella Marie Swan and I'm going to tell you how the stupidest mistake of my life brought the most joy into my world.Almost two and a half years ago.It was the week before summer vacation when my mom told me she was sending me to a summer camp in Louisiana for the entire summer. I was so upset that my mom was sending me 1118(that's not that actually distances) miles away from home and she didn't even give me a reason why she was sending me to summer camp I mean I had never been to summer. I remember I wouldn't talk to my mom for three days then I realized that going to summer camp would mean I wouldn't have to take care of Renee for a while but then I was worried she'd probably burn the house down or something like that but in the end I decided that I needed a time of from being the one responsible for everything around the house so I went to summer camp. At first I thought I would be horrible but summer camp was the exact opposite.The first day of summer camp we were all assign a cabin and that's how I met Paul, he was my cabin counselor he was the youngest counselor there at the age of nineteen I had instantly fallen in love with him. He had messy black hair, dark blue eyes he was about 6'1 he was what many called prefect all the girls and some of the boys had a crush on him but he didn't seem to notice any of the attention.Two weeks after I got to summer camp after I thought everyone was asleep I snuck off to the beach I was sitting there for about ten minutes when someone came and sat next to me I instantly knew it was Paul"Shouldn't you be in bed?" he asked."Yeah I should be but I'm not tired," I told him. We sat in silence for a while after that until Paul spoke."So Isabella tell me about yourself about your life, your family all you dreams.""Are you sure you want hear about my life it's not that interesting.""I'll make you a deal you tell me about your life and I'll tell you about mine.""Okay. My name is Isabella Marie Swan as you already know I was born on September 13 in Forks Washington you probably don't know where that is.""I know where that I live in La Push which is about fifteen minutes away from there.""Oh wow what a small world this is.""Yeah it is."For an hour or so Paul and I just sat by the shore and talked about everything and anything it was fun to have someone to communicate with. "It's getting cold we should probably head inside now." He was right it was getting cold I didn't even notice I was shivering until he wrap his jacket around me."Thanks," I mumbled and then we walked back to our cabin. "We should do this again," he said once we were inside."Sure," I replied taking his jacket from around me."Keep it.""Thanks.""So how about tomorrow same place and same time," he said."Okay." And with that we both went our separate ways I went to my bunk and he went to his.For a week we would sneak out every night and meet in the same spot and just talk on the second week we confess our feeling for each other and then we kissed and had a really steamy make out session. The second week of August we finally made love and it was the best thing ever Paul was so gentle so caring we were happy until two days before I had to go home.Two nights before I was supposed to leave camp I saw Paul kissing someone else. I was heartbroken, for the day until I had to go home I avoid Paul like a plague he tried to talk to me but I just ignored him. Three weeks after I came back from summer camp I got some news that changed my life. I was pregnant. My mom was extremely pissed she was complaining about how she didn't want to be a grandmother at such a young age but after the first ultra sound she accepted the baby. My dad was a different story he was happy from the very beginning but was slightly disappointed. I never told my dad about Paul but I told my mom and begged my mom not to tell Charlie cause I knew if Charlie knew who the dad was he would have went to hunt him down and shot the living day light out of him.So where am I am I now I'm actually on my way to Forks with my son Alexander and my daughter Abigail after staying with Renee I decided I needed a change and so now I'm moving in with Charlie I wanted a new start from everyone who knew me and I was going to get just that or am iReview and tell me what you think is good bad and should i keep going.
