Hello everyone! I hope you enjoy my new story! I will be updating with a new chapter once a week! Thanks(: Please review so I know if you like the start and flow of the story so far! THANKS:)"Ah." I gasped myself awake from a deep sleep due to a loud banging noise. Both of my parents were out of town again, my mother; promoting her career as an up and coming actress, and my father; away on business. Most of my life, well at least what I could remember, my parents had been a-wall. Apparently a lot changed after my car accident in which I lost all my memories forever. Starting over was hard, especially alone, but I was used to it. However, right in that very moment, I could not ignore the sinking feeling in my stomach that something very bad was about to happen.I was sitting up-right in bed; paralyzed almost- like when you wake up from a really bad dream to darkness, and you can't bring yourself to move or go back to sleep, so you just sit there, afraid. I clutched the covers to my chest and made sure that neither my feet nor any other body part was away from the protective cover of my bed sheets. Odd is the feeling that a few simple sheets, able to be ripped apart in a few short seconds, could be such a security. I waited, unmoving; listening.It must be an animal. I thought, trying to mentally convince myself that my fear was irrational.Then I heard it; clear as day. Voices. Whispers. I couldn't make out the words, but it was enough to get the adrenaline flowing. In my life, of what I can remember, I had never experienced very much pure fear, but right now was the exception. Instead of panicking, my mind was racing a thousand miles per minute. Help; I need help. I reached for my phone on the night stand next to me only to feel the familiar texture of one of my favorite novels. Shit. Having forgotten to plug my phone in the charger next to my bed, now my IPhone was across the room, sitting silently on my divan. Of course; the one and only time I forget. And you just sit there silently. My mind began racing again; listening to the still steady sound of the voices I presumed were located in the room below my bedroom-which happened to be the kitchen- as well as trying to figure out my next move. One thing was for sure. I needed a weapon of some sort. I looked around frantically and carefully grabbed the metal candleholder on my nightstand. I removed the candle, which left me with a rectangular shaped, dense weapon. Before attempting to make my way to my phone, I listened more closely at the voices. There seemed to be two males, from what I could hear. They sounded calm, unlike what I would think they would sound like. What did they want? I concealed a shiver as I tried, unsuccessfully to dismiss the flow of unfortunate scenarios running through my mind, as to what these men could be doing in my home at approximately 2:47 am."They're close!" I heard a new, third voice speak from downstairs; only this time, it was not a quiet whisper like the men talking before, it was yelled. The man had a panic to his voice that caused my body to react quickly into survival mode. I jumped out of bed, abandoning the candleholder due to only thinking about getting to my phone to call the police, right as I heard the men loudly racing up the stairs towards me. I reached my phone and quickly yet clumsily began attempting to enter the numbers 9-1-1 to actually call the police. Then it all became quite weird. It was as if I was in tunnel vision. I didn't hear, nor did I see or focus on anything but my phone. I was shaking, so my attempts at dialing any numbers were useless, but it was as if I was in complete focus. An oddly warm hand on my shoulder pulled me from my trace. My hands dropped my phone due to shock, and all I thought to do was scream. My legs tried to move forward and escape, but arms from behind held me back."Ren stop. Stop!" I heard a voice say from behind me; belonging to the man whose hands were around me, not allowing me to escape."We're just trying to help you." Said the voice of the man that had been the one to yell earlier. As he said this, I jerked my body towards him, seeing one of my attackers for the first time. He was huge. He towered over my 5'4 stance by a good two feet. Unknowingly, my body subconsciously backed away from him, closer into the arms of the other man who was holding me back. By this time my lungs felt as if they were going to explode, and my throat was searing pain due to my loud screams, but I felt as if I had no other option. The man holding me back was much stronger than me; with little effort he seemed to lock me within his arms as I frantically used all of my strength to break away."They're close." A different voice said. I looked to see a man- no, rather boy- standing in the entryway of my room. He was still huge, but much smaller than the other man standing before me; in regards to his stature vs. the man engulfing me, I had no idea."Renesmee please calm down. We are trying to help you." The man holding me said in my ear. The feeling of his breath in my ear caused a violent twitch causing me to slam my head to the side, shutting off his access and hiding my ear. What had they called me? Renesmee? "No. No. No," I screamed, still trying with all my might to break away, "That's not me, that's not me. I'm not that girl. I'm Calli. Calli Sparow. Please, please, it's not me." The begging came out muffled by tears that I hadn't been aware began in the first place. All my words ran together, with sobbing hiccups as my breaths. They must have the wrong girl. Never had I known this type of fear."You're scaring her!" The smaller statured boy said, looking at the man holding me."I'm scaring her?" He asked, ironically sounding shocked, "We're scaring her. And would you rather us just leave and her die?""No. No. No. Please don't." A new stream of begs began as the man mentioned my death. This time they were more frantic, as was I."Way to go." Said the big man- from what I could tell biggest of the three- who stood to the side of me. I grabbed for my attackers hands, but it was useless because his much larger hands were gripping each of my wrists with exuberant force."No, no. Listen, please, please listen." The man behind me started, but was quickly cut off."They're here." The boy from the hallway informed us. Who is they? The man holding my wrists quickly and skillfully moved my position so that I swiftly turned around, and was now facing him. His hands had moved as well, so that now his right hand was on my back, pushing me to him and keeping me attached to him, while his left hand was placed over my mouth. This was the first time that I had seen the man. He was younger than I had expected; maybe early twenties. I immediately noticed his facial expression. It was neither angry, nor panicked, nor evil, as I had expected my attacker to be. He looked almost, regretful, like he didn't want to have to manhandle me."Please," he began quietly, "We're trying to protect you. But in order for us to do that you must remain quiet." When my screaming stopped due to his odd calming sight; leaving my muffled sobs, he continued even more quietly- "There are bad people coming very soon. We only want to keep you safe and-""Shhh." The big man said, quieting the room. The only sound was the soft sound of my tears, and a distant noise of what sounded to be a door slamming, followed by footsteps, which I figured is what they were all listening for. Although the man restraining me did exert a calming sense over me, I still felt the distress of being possibly kidnapped by strangers. When I noticed his grip slightly loosening on me, most likely because he thought I was succumbing to him, I took my chance."Help!" I screamed, louder than only of my previous cries for help. For a short moment I released myself from his grasp, taking advantage of his shock, only for him to grab me once more, more forceful this time. I was still facing him, but no longer was the calm, sad look in his eyes. Now he displayed a look of pure panic and fear. Just as I noticed his changed expression I heard it- we all heard it; the sound of loud, thumping footsteps running up the stairs towards us."Get her out of here." The big man yelled with grand authority to his voice. The man holding me was now holding both my wrists so tight that I was loosing feeling in both of them. Actually, I was loosing feeling all together. Why couldn't I hear anything? My attacker seemed to notice when my screams were replaced with an eerie silence. You know when you're on a roller coaster, and you just went over the big hill, and you black out for that split second- well that's how I felt; only, it wasn't going away. I was acutely aware of my knees giving out beneath me. After that I don't remember much, only falling- and complete and utter blackness.I stretched awake, reaching for my covers to pull over my head. I was freezing. Instead my hands grabbed upon something smaller, rougher and oddly shaped. I opened my eyes slowly, taking in the surrounding darkness. Was I outside? As I thought this the events of what had happened recently, flooded through my mind, filling me with a feeling of uneasiness. I sat up quickly, only seeing a dimly lit fire and none of my attackers. This may be my only chance; I knew I should run, but it was as if my body had shut down. I just sat there, as paralyzed as I was the moment I awoke to the whispers."You're awake." A soft voice piped in from the right of me."Ah!" I turned, surprised. A good distance away, sitting on his own with what appeared to be his phone in his hand, was the man that had restrained me earlier."What happened?" I asked, rubbing my oddly sore head. I quickly retracted my hand when I accidentally pushed on a certain spot on the back left of my head, causing searing pain."Sorry, I managed to grab your arms and keep your body upright, but not before you're head hit the ground.""What?" I asked confused."You fainted. Don't you remember?" I didn't answer. Ever since the accident memory had always been difficult for me, and piecing together what had just occurred would take a little time. "Thank God though is really all I can say.""You're happy I hit my head?" I shot back. He looked surprised and slightly hurt by the amount of bite I had in my voice- to be honest I surprised myself."No, you got hurt. I would never be happy you were hurt." He replied while looking directly at me. His stare made me feel uncomfortable so I looked down, trying to cover as much skin as possible with the two jackets that had been overtop of me."Are you cold?" He asked. His voice was soft; gentle even. How odd that I had been afraid of him just moments ago. Not that I was completely comfortable, I mean he did technically kidnap me, but for some reason I just didn't feel like he would hurt me."Yes." I replied quietly- actually almost inaudibly. Fear still threatened me as I stood with this man, but I was not as frantic as before."Is it ok if I come sit by you?""No." I replied immediately. He looked hurt, which is pretty odd considering he did just kidnap me."I have a higher body temperature than most. You will see if you allow me to come sit next to you." He said, with a colder tone than his last offer."No. I'm not cold." I replied again, looking straight ahead."Yes you are." He fought."No I'm not.""Yes you're shaking.""No. Maybe I'm just in shock, I mean I did just get kidnapped." I replied, for the first time since this morning showing an emotion other than fear- anger. He just smirked at my comment, leaning back on the ground so that his legs were spread across the ground and his arms were propped up behind him, holding him up."Kidnapped." He mocked, "How about a thank you for saving your life?""Thank you!" I yelled at him, "You scared me to death!" The familiar feeling of sharp pains in my head began to emerge, like they usually did when I was confused."Actually, funny choice of words considering you are very much alive right now, and if we hadn't have come you most likely would actually be dead.""Stop!" I screamed, pulling my knees closer to my body and placing my head in between them, with my arms draped over the top of me. He immediately stopped and we sat in silence for what felt like a while. I took deep breaths while the searing pain in my head slowly faded away."I'm sorry." The man said softly. I didn't answer. What the hell was I suppose to say? It's ok; you just kidnapped me but it's totally fine!"Sometimes I just get headaches is all." I said, explaining myself while subtly fulfilling a need I felt to soothe him. He didn't reply, which I appreciated."What's you're name?" I asked after another moment of silence."We should get going." He said abruptly, ignoring me. He proceeded to stand up and walk over to me."Where?" I asked, leaning my body away from the direction of his presence. "Why?" He didn't answer me yet again; instead, he stopped right in front of me and extending his hand for me to take."Where are we going?" I asked, paying no attention to his extended hand."Somewhere safe, ok?" he asked, seeming annoyed. When he sensed my hesitation his expression softened and he lowered himself down so that he was eye-to-eye with me."Look. I'm not going to hurt you. I would never hurt you. All I want is to keep you safe, and right now in order to do that- we have to go." He added a slight smile at the end, I imagine meant to soothe my uneasiness. I bit my lip, thinking of what to do. If he wasn't telling the truth, what would be his motivation for being kind to me? It would make more sense that he was telling the truth. Now that I think about it, him and his friends had saved me after all- I think? What sold me was when I looked at him once more. Something about this man kneeling right in front of me gave me the feeling that he could be trusted. Call it a second sense, call it bullshit; ultimately it wouldn't even matter, it's not like I could get away even if I wanted to- which for some extremely weird reason I didn't."Fine." I said, making up my mind. He nodded and stood, looking down at me."But with one condition." I said, staring up at him. He cocked his eyebrow as a means for me to continue. "What is your name?"He smiled; an actual smile this time. It was actually, without a doubt, breathtakingly beautiful. "Jacob. Jacob Black." He replied, once again extending his hand for me to take. Feeling rebellious and still not all the comfortable with the situation I ignored his offer and pushed myself up. He smirked and placed his once extended hand in the pocket of his jeans."Where are we going?" I asked"You'll see when we get there." He replied before completely putting out the barely-there fire before us."Well how are we getting here?" I asked."Damn you ask a lot of questions." he started walking straight ahead, further into the forest. It was then that I looked around and realized our location; we were somewhere deep in the woods. Only then did I begin to notice the odd, creepy sounds the woods at night can foster."Jacob?" I called quietly. It was the first time I had called him by his name, and although it felt foreign to me, something about it was so familiar."Yeah?" I heard him answer from not that far to the right of me. I didn't answer, I just followed where I heard his voice until I could make out his figure in the dark, and walked to him. He began walking and I followed, not wanting to be left behind."So we're just going to walk to wherever we're going?" I asked, hugging myself for warmth. He seemed to notice I was cold and was about to say something, but decided against it. Instead he locked his lips and continued forward, ignoring my question all together.I sighed. "Well how long until we're there?" I tried again."We'll be there around, I don't know, 6 or 7am?" He replied nonchalantly."Well what time is it now?" I asked, annoyed that he hadn't actually answered my question. With a sigh, he begrudgingly plucked his cell phone out of his pocket to read me the time. "Sorry I would check myself but I, believe it or not, didn't think to grab it before you kidnapped me.""It's 3:30 am. And would you stop saying that?" He asked, referring to my mentioning the kidnapping.I ignored him, something we both seemed rather good at, and instead focused on the time. "Wait what!" I exclaimed, stopping dead in my tracks. "That's like four hours!""She can do math." He mocked, obviously wanting to continue forward."How do you intend for me to walk for four hours straight. I'm not even being high maintenance, that's just crazy!" He gave me a not so subtle look, signifying he did not believe that I was a low maintenance kind of girl and then held out his arms in an odd sort of way. He had them both stretched out on both sides and he was leaning towards me, almost like he wanted me to-"No way." I said, pushing his hands away."We'll see how long that lasts." He said, walking forward with me following."I'd rather crawl."An hour and a half later...I was in his arms sleeping as he was carrying me to our destination. Him carrying me was oddly very soothing. I didn't even try to stay awake as my eyes began to waver shut. I needed the shut-eye to try and figure out what exactly had happened this morning, which was hard considering Jacob had ignored almost every single one of my questions. Regardless, I knew I had time to get my energy back, because for some reason, I felt completely and totally safe in his arms.Reviews?
