I've never thought I'd die and rise again. I was pretty sure that was impossible unless you were a human fixed robot, I suppose. I also didn't think I'd be reborn from the dead as something pale and icy cold or have unnatural gold color eyes. I didn't think I'd be a "cold one" or plain and simple a vampire.My story starts as a normal teenage girl in 1917.I was Isabella Marie Swan,daughter to Renee Swan, but my dad, Charlie Swan. He was a journalist traveler. Not professional, but he was training...learning. It usually took years for him to come back. You'd expect my mom to go insane, but she didn't. When I asked her why she told me," Little Bell,where would I be if I mourned basically my whole life for a person I love so much. It would bring danger to our lives and I never want you in harm's way," I never really did understand it until I experienced it.It was a Saturday early morning when I met him. I woke out of my bed and started my day. I found a note on the table written by my mother saying, she went to Mrs. Abigail's house. If she went anywhere it would be Mrs. Abigail's,so I paid it no mind. Mrs. Abigail has been friends with my mom ever since primary school, she was just...always there. I embraced that moment to go to the park. It was fall, so the breeze was heavily blowing,the leaves were turning colors and I grew excited. I rushed down the stairs carefully, knowing how clumsily I am I knew to be careful. I opened the door and as I thought. The leaves were beautiful shades of green, yellow, orange, red, and brown. The breeze tossed my brown hair over my shoulder and flew across my face. "Perfect" I thought as I walked the few short blocks down to the park. The short walk has always been a good way to clear my mind. I spot a bench and sit there. After a while, my bottom started to freeze and instead of going home, I start to ride on the swing. The swings have always been my favorite,even now as a seven-teen years old teenager I enjoy it. I felt someone get on the swing next to me. I look over to a boy with copper brownish messy hair and green eyes with hazel flecks in them. They are beautiful and I can stare in them all day. He is facing forward which gives me a chance to oogle him like I want. I was never a girl to oogle boys...A girl's stupidity over boys, but never a boy. I blushed when I realized I was ogling him and I didn't want to stop. I forced myself to look at the also beautiful trees on my other side. Of course, it would be fortunate when I am in peace of mind something like this happens. All the while I was slowly realizing my crush on him. I haven't even met him and I have crushed already. This is a first. I face forward and act like he is not there. Out the corner of my eye I see his body turn to me and then he speaks."Excuse me miss,Hello, my name is Edward Mason. What is your name?" I was amused and in awe, because his voice is so smooth and musical. I could listen to it all day like a song. I realize I was zoned out when he repeats" Miss...Miss, are you alright" I reply " Oh,um yes and my name is Isabella" " nice to meet you" he says as he holds out his hand for me to shake. Without hesitation, I take grasp of it and after that we are talking and laughing without end and I couldn't be more grateful of this. We stay talking until it starts to get dark." It wouldn't be nice to be out alone during the moon's segment, let me walk you home." He tells me sweetly. I say " Well,it is getting dark...yes,you may walk me home" He helps me up and we walk and talk,filling the silence of the night.Once we get to my door, he says, "It has been a great day with you...and I was wondering if we can hang out tomorrow morning at the park again" He says shyly. I am in shock. Nobody and I mean nobody has asked me to hang out with them. Then in my shock, I hear myself say" I would love too. Thank you for today as well." He replies shortly "Oh it was no problem Bella...I better get going. Have a good night" "You too" I say finallyI walk inside and shut the door behind me. Then I see my mother with an angry face." Where have you been, young lady."I stutter surprised" Ummmm...well...I was..." I do not continue to save my breathe. I knew I didn't have an answer."Welllll.. don't just stand there. I want an answer" she say, as if she read my mind.Then she smiles the widest smile ever and starts to laugh full-heartedly."Tell me. Who was that boy outside asking you to hang out tomorrow morning with you" She ask with a mocking matter.I am filled with great relief. I give her a look and she turns serious."Okay,can you please tell me who that boy was outside" I nod and we sit on our small couch.I tell her all about my day at the park and how I met Edward. I just left out the important information.After I was done with the story of events, She happily jumped off the couch and exclaimed" Well you need another dress. The best dress we could afford." I hate the dresses we have to wear everyday. It's a crime. I could just easily trip over this dress(I have a million of times)and hurt myself. Let me tell you it's not a pretty sight and I dreaded getting another dress. When my mom says she will get the best dress she could means the most girliest and I hate girly. When I see girly dresses it makes me think of the most girls I see and their stupid drama. Yuck.I sit there collecting my thoughts while my mother gets ahead of herself and rambles on and on, like he just courted me. I wish, I really do. I mean there is no way he could ever like me as in I want to marry you soon. There's no way. I tell my mother I am going to bed and she wished me goodnight. I dragged myself up the stairs and went to sleep looking forward to tomorrow.The next morning, I am not aware of the current event so important that was happening today until I was eating my breakfast. My mother was always at Mrs. Abigail's house before I rised,ecspecially with the news about me. Today I was happy for that,because I wouldn't have wanted her to see me spit out my toast as I realized what today event was. Also her ambushing me with her do's and don't's list that was forever and oceanwide. So I hurry up the stairs and change out my regular day dresses and find my lucky dress. My lucky dress is my best dress and it is so beautiful and it fits curves I never knew I had in all the right places. I would always wear this dress on my dates and it would always win me a second date. I know a hang out with Edward Mason isn't a date, but I have a feeling I need to. I've never felt this way about a boy, but Edward is caring and sweet and also a gentleman. I walk down stairs and I sit on our small couch and read my favorite book, Pride and Prejudice. I hear a soft knock at the door a while later and I walk to the door and open it to find Edward.
