In Fates HandsAN- This is an idea that has been at the back of my mind for a while now, and refused to leave me alone until it had been written down. I've tried my best with spelling and grammar, but it isn't a strong point so i'll apologise in advance For any mistakesDisclaimer- I do not own Twilight Edward's POVAlice was lying, curled up on the sofa, hands clamped tightly around her head. This posture had become all too familiar over the past few months. It meant that she was blocking her visions again.I looked over at Bella who nodded and took a sleeping Renesmee from my arms and headed towards the kitchen. The stale scent that filled the house told me Esme had been baking for my daughter again.I walked over to my sister and picked her up, carefully placing her in my lap. I tucked her head under my chin and slowly loosened the hands that were pulling at her ebony spikes. What was only an uncomfortable pulse in my own head must have been agonising for her. We both knew she could stop it if she wanted to "If you stopped blocking them it would stop hurting."She'd started blocking some of her visions not long after she joined the family in 1937 and to this day, not even I fully understood why. She never even thought about why she blocked them. However, I don't think she was blocking them from me, but herself. "No it wouldn't." She criedShe whimpered before crying out and pressing her face against my shoulder. "Shhhh, think about something else." Her fingers curled around the collar of my shirt as she tried to direct her mind to something else. My mind went back to the day she'd, quite literally, stumbled through our door.We'd been living in North Dakota at the time. I'd been picking up snippets of foreign thoughts all day but nothing was coherent, I'd passed it off as a hunter in the forest. That was until I'd heard a knock at the door and come downstairs to find the dark haired vampire draped in Esme's arms.Her eyes had been dull burgundy and half dazed,her clothes dirty and ripped. Her thoughts had been like reading two minds at once, and from what I could gather one had been about a minute and a half in front of the other, in the future. She'd sobbed quietly as Esme held her, shocked.Esme had called for Carlisle the second the young girl had collapsed, at her stunned cry Rosalie and Emmett had also gathered at the base of the stairs. Carlisle looked to me for answers. "She has a gift, I think" I'd told him still not believing that even an immortal could see the future. "She's lost control of it."Esme had carried her over to the sofa in the living room, lying her down gently. She'd started whimpering and clung desperately to Esme's hand. "Don't leave, please." She had pleaded. Esme had stroked her hair trying to comfort her but nothing seemed to work. She was still in two minds, one was in the present and the other had showed her cradled in my lap. 'Edward I'm scared.' Her mind whispered. I'd been shocked that she knew my name but when I'd concentrated I'd realised she knew everyone's.She'd been frightened of being left alone, of being rejected. There'd also something else, something she'd been trying not to think about, there'd been flashes but they were too quick for me to make sense of. "Make it stop." She'd cried. With her gift overpowering her it had been a complete metal overload.I'd sat down by her feet and asked my mother to pass her to me. Esme had done as I asked and I'd cradled the nameless girl in my lap "Edward I'm scared" her words an exact copy of the vision in her head. The others had looked at me shocked when she spoke my name."Who else lives here?" I'd asked quietly trying to focus her mind on one thing."Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie, Emmett.""What's Carlisle do?"The second mind had fluttered slightly "Carlisle's a doctor, he works at the hospital"I'd stroked her back lightly. "Well done, do you know about my gift?"She'd nodded her head against my shoulder 'You can read minds' she had answered in her thoughts. I'd chuckled softly."That's right" She'd been confused about what I was doing but continued to answer my questions. Gradually that second string of thoughts had disappeared. "What's your name?" I'd asked as I lifted her off my lap. She kept hold of my arm and rested her head on my shoulder."Alice." She'd whispered. Closing her eyes."She can see the future" I'd told the rest of the family, who looked on in awe. "She was stuck about a minute and a half in front of everyone else." I'd turned to look at her "how long were you like that?"She sat up slightly. "Five days, a week... I'm not sure how long it took me to get here." She'd said as she pulled her ripped cardigan over her bare shoulders."Where'd you come from?""Mississippi" she'd murmured, her mind hazing again. I shook her slightly."Stay with us Alice" she'd blinked rapidly"Sorry" her mind wandered easily, I saw images of things that had already passed, things that she couldn't have seen if it wasn't for her gift. She'd been looking for us for a long time. Every once and a while she'd push images back before I could see them."What triggered it in the first place?" I'd questioned.Her eyes widened and she'd pulled away from me, standing up and walking over to the window. "Nothing." Her voice broke, she'd sounded close to tears if it were possible. More images flashed and again she tried to force them away. Her hand had reached for her throat as her thirst came to the forefront of her mind. I heard Carlisle's mental worry when he noticed."It's fine." I'd told him "she's vegetarian" Her red eyes had flashed in my families mind "She slipped, but she hasn't fed since before she lost control of her gift" Alice's mental battle was still going on so she hadn't been listening to the rest of us."Take her hunting" Carlisle had told me. Watching her with concern. I'd nodded and moved to take her hand. My fingers had barely brushed hers before she'd spun teeth bared and a snarl ripped through her throat.She'd snapped out of it less than a second later but it was long enough for me to make out a woman with fierce red eyes and long, brown, flowing hair and something else, a tall dark shadow. I could tell it was male by his large torso and broad shoulders.Alice had pushed the image away with an agonised whimper, backing away against the wall, sinking to the floor and wrapping her arms around her legs sobbing again. None of us knew what to do, we hardly knew her, we didn't know what had gotten her in such a state. We didn't know how to help. All we could do was make a feeble offer to take her hunting, to help clear her head.That had been nearly seven decades ago. We never did find out what happened to her, to be honest, we were frightened to mention it in case it set her off again. We had taken her in, looked after her, given her a room and some new clothes. She gratefully accepted them.Alice had helped us as well, using her talent to warn us of any threats from sunny weather to visiting nomads to curious humans. She also learned to play the stock markets and earn money for the family, but she was also another loving daughter to Carlisle and Esme. She'd given me a sister, someone who understood my gift as well as her own. She was my best friend, keeping me company when I would otherwise have been alone. After the initial suspicion from the family that we would become a couple, it became apparent that neither of us saw each other that way.She'd helped me though my struggle with Bella, saving me when I ran off to Italy without a second thought, training us for the newborn battle with knowledge we still didn't know how she'd gained. We'd asked her and she'd snapped, telling us it didn't matter as long as it worked. When the Volturi came for Renesmee, she'd left on her own to find someone like her, she saved my daughter.She was loved dearly by everyone despite her quiet and reserved personality. However since that day in 1937 you could tell something was troubling her, something was missing. Even in a family as large as our own, she was lonely.I looked down at the small girl in my arms, her eyes screwed shut in pain. She'd had episodes like this since we met her. Sometimes they were just a dull throb in the back of her head, but sometimes they were really bad like today. They left her crying out and mentally exhausted. Whatever she was trying so hard to block was demanding attention, yet she still battled against it. These kind of episodes were becoming more common and none of us knew why, the only relief she got these days was during Jacob's visits.She sighed heavily, the pain was still there but she was less panicked. I just hoped one day that we'd find a way to stop it, or that she'd tell us enough to help her. "Thank you Edward." She murmured. Her head lay lightly on my chest as she calmed herself, she'd be withdrawn for a couple of hours before she'd find the motive to talk to anyone. Looking back on that day in 1937, I could tell that she'd be a different person if whatever happened... Hadn'tAN- So, tell me what you think. Should I continue?-B x
