Squeal to My Duty is to My Heart Enjoy! All Characters belong to Stephenie Meyers. Chapter 1 The music played letting me know it was my Que to enter into the church. I took in a deep breath calming myself from all the nerves. I turned taking one last look at the crowd. Their cameras were flashing, people calling my name out. To me they just all looked like a pool of human bodied. All lined up on the streets. "Are you ready?" My father's voice caught my attention bringing me back to face the gigantic wooden doors. I closed my eyes nodding. I heard the doors open for me. Slowly I opened my eyes. Thousands of people sitting in the pews of the church. Most of who I haven't seen in my life. After my eyes scanned the place my eyes quickly found Edward's. All the way on the opposite end of me. My hand shaking at holding my dad's grip. I finally found my feet to get them moving. We walked carefully down the marble floor isle. Dragging the huge white lace train behind me. My strapless, princess gown. I counted the steps of how long it took to get to Edward. Seventeen, Eighteen, Nineteen... I kept my eyes locked with Edward for I wouldn't feel as scared with everyone looking at me. He smiled waiting for me. Holding his hand out once I got to him. Charlie kissed my cheek, then placed my hand into Edward's. I smiled nervously then joined him at the altar. The priest took a while, before getting to the vows."Now Edward, repeat after me," The priest turned to him. "I Edward Anthony Masen Cullen," Edward grabbed my hands in his and spoke, "I Edward Anthony Masen Cullen, Take you Isabella, to be my wife, to have and to hold from this day forward; for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and obey, till death us do part." Then it was my turn. "I Isabella Marie Swan take you Edward to be my wife, to have and to hold from this day forward; for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and obey, till death us do part." "Now, If anyone objects to this marriage, speak now or forever hold your peace." The priest called out to the audience. Edward and I's gaze still haven't broke since we said our vows. I saw the warmth and heart he held in his eyes. After all this time we can finally be together. "I Object!" Someone's shout made Edward and I break our gaze. Both starring in shock trying to find the guy. A guy with a white beard and black suit with red vest came forth to the middle of the isle. You could hear the echoing of gasps ring throughout the church. "It says here that, If Prince Edward wants to marry he must marry someone with royal blood in order to keep the throne." The guy pulled out a copy of a document."That is absurd! I never heard of that in my life," Edward walked down to snatch the paper of of his hand reading the fine print. After reading it Edward stayed quite for a bit. "Your highness, I know you didn't want to read this I just thought I should warn you before it was to late for giving up the throne." Edward would never give up me over the throne. At least I hoped as Edward never gave an answer right away."Edward! Edward!" I shook his shoulders trying to get him to answer. "Edward!" "Bella I-" I jumped shooting my eyes wide open. My breath was rapid and shaky. I looked around my dark room. It was just a dream... I thought."Rise and shine!" A pixie girl skipped into my room pushing open the tall, thick, heavy curtains. I held my hand up to my face shielding myself from the light."Alice what are you doing?" I buried my face into my pillow."Getting you up and ready for your wedding today!" She squealed like a little girl. Shocked when she grabbed my free hand and yanked me out of my nice warm bed."Okay! I'm up." I said getting on my two feet pulling my shirt down. I rubbed my eyes trying to clear my vision. The sun was still shining making the room very bright."I convinced the make up artist to let me do your make up and hair," She smiled sitting me into a chair by a desk full of make up. The whole desk was a mess with thing I didn't even knew exist. First Alice layered me with foundation. "Oh Gosh, Bella it looks like you've been out drinking all last night." She tried covering my dark purple bags under my eyes."Sorry, bad nightmare, wedding jitters I guess." I sat still looking in the mirror. I had to have my own bachelorette party in the palace, because they didn't want paparazzi taking pictures of me, and looking bad for the covers. Which I didn't mind. I didn't want to go out anyways. We basically stayed in watching movies with sushi and drinks. For Edward's bachelor party they went to a designated place up in the mountains.I only knew they came back yesterday night. Which tempted me because I wanted to go see, since I haven't seen him in three whole days. I dozed off day dreaming about how the rest of the day would go. I felt my body heat go up the more I thought about it. The more nervous I got. I took deep breaths to calm myself down. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. I jumped turning around to see who was standing in the door way. Rosalie? Emmet's wife now surprised she even came to the wedding."Rosalie?" I sounded confused, unexpected to see her. She smiled gently at me."Congrats Bella," She walked over to Alice and I. "Need some help? I could do her hair." Even more shocked to her her say that as she started gather my long hair together. By the time Alice and Rosalie were done with my hair and make up there was another knock on the door."Come in!" Alice shouted dabbing blush on my cheeks. I heard the foot steps walking closer to me, and I turned to see who it was."Bella you look so beautiful!" It was my mother already getting teared eye before the wedding. My dad was walking behind following her into the room. I smiled at my dad covering his eyes."Dad, you look dashing in that suit," I complimented him."Is it safe to look?" He peered his one eye out. Everyone laughed as he opened both his eyes."We brought something for you," Charlie held out a blue velvet box. I took it, carefully opening. It was a blue sapphire diamond necklace. I was speechless looking at the beauty."It was your great, great grandmothers. It's been passed down for generations. But we added the blue sapphires." My mom spoke shakily. "We thought you needed something blue, and something old.""Thanks you guys," I got up from my chair and turned around to hug them. I had my mom place the necklace on my neck. It laid beautifully on my neck. The sparkles of the diamond reflected off the mirror."Alright everyone time for the dress!" Alice emphasized her voice on the word dress. She skipped and went to go get the dress in the closet. Which was the que for Charlie and my mom to leave."We will see you cathedral." My mom gave me a quick squeeze and Charlie giving a heart warming smile. The both turned around and left. As they were exiting some maids came in to help Alice with my dress. I haven't seen it yet. Alice wanted it to be a surprise, plus there we some requirements then dresses needed to have to carry on a royal tradition. As all four of the maid and Alice pulled out my dress, I got up and went to go put my slip on. Then I went over to the half circle mirrors, and let them slip the dress on my body.I felt the satin lay on my skin, and the heaviness of the train was huge and long. I heard them zip up the dress letting me look in the full length mirror. I looked at the breath taking women staring back at me. The lace sleeves off the shoulder forming into a v-neck line. With an A line dress bottom made of ivory satin cover with lace. The train must've been literally ten feet long. Even the width was almost as long as the length, about nine feet. The women's hair was half up, with romantic curls and side bangs to fit the shape of her face. The blue sapphire necklace glistened on her neck as if it was always meant to be there. Last a women came behind the girl in the mirror placing a long thirty six inch veil on top of her head. I smiled lost in the beauty of my reflection."Ms. Swan, there has been a gift dropped off out side your room for you," A maid handed me a box. Confused to what more fit I could get now, I walked over to the bend at the end of my bed. Opening the box slowly a card fell out.My Dearest Fiancee, I can not wait to make it official to call you my wife. I have given you this before but I'd like you to wear these again. You wore these when we had our first dance. You are my princess, my queen, my love . I can't wait to spend the rest of forever with you. I want to spend the rest of my life telling you I love you. I want to make you feel like the most special loved women in the world. I will try my best to treat you like the queen you are are. You make me smile and my heart melt every time you walk into the room. I feel like the person I want to be when you're around. I will see you at the altar my beautiful Isabella. Look after my heart I've left with you.~Edward I smiled reading that. Then I unwrapped the rest of the gift, to find it was the glass shoes I wore when I went to his ball. I slipped the shoes on my feet, and it fit like a glove. I definitely felt like a true princess today."Isabella?" I heard a voice come from behind me. I quickly got up and turned around to see who called my name."Your highness," I curtsied when I saw the queen come towards me."Oh, Bella you look stunning sweetheart." She smiled holding a box in her hand. "Everyone can you please leave to give me and the bride some time." She commanded everyone in the room."Of course," They all responded and left as fast as they could. She waited for the last person to shut the door behind them. I waited patiently playing with my fingers looking at the ground."I hope you don't already have something borrowed." She held out the box for me. I shook my head surprised at her gesture. I took the box in my hands opening it, hearing the creek of the box opening. It was the most crystal tiara like headband I've ever seen in my life. My hands were shaking brushing over the tiara."It was my grandmothers, she wore it for her wedding, and passed it down to her daughter, then to me and now to you. It's tradition this tiara is worn in this family. It's a wedding heirloom. I do hope you pass on this tradition.""Queen Esme, I'd be honored to carry on this heirloom." I smiled at her and gave her a hug. She gently hugged me back then took the tiara and carefully placed it on my head."There now you are ready to get married. And welcome to the family Bella," She kissed both sides of my cheeks and left the room. When she left I stood up and went to go stand in front of the mirrors. Looking at myself one last time as Isabella Marie Swan.Hope you guys like it! If you want to see the wedding outfit, the link is in my bio! Please review! Sorry for the long wait. Preview: He slipped the ring on my shaking ring finger and pressed his lips to my hand. 
